---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006149                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6148680000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5677020504000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 352687                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1005230                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7332565                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6709396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   838.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   295743510                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     842929334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers00.walker       433536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers01.walker       325312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers02.walker       226368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers03.walker        69888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers04.walker        53632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers05.walker        42144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers06.walker        40032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers07.walker        37312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers08.walker        37120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers09.walker        36448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers10.walker        35520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers11.walker        34784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers12.walker        34656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers13.walker        34944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers14.walker        34272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers15.walker        33824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers16.walker        30272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers17.walker        29632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers18.walker        28128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers19.walker        28096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers20.walker        28064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers21.walker        26816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers22.walker        27776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers23.walker        26784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers24.walker        27168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers25.walker        28320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers26.walker        26976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers27.walker        26944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers28.walker        26080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers29.walker        27328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers30.walker        25952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers31.walker        25824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores00.data       243392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores00.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores01.data       245664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores01.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores02.data       245440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores02.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores03.data       245440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores03.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores04.data       245664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores04.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores05.data       245664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores05.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores06.data       245664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores06.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores07.data       245216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores07.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores08.data       245216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores08.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores09.data       245216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores09.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores10.data       245216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores10.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores11.data       245664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores11.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores12.data       245664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores12.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores13.data       245664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores13.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores14.data       245440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores14.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores15.data       245440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores15.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores16.data       245664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores16.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores17.data       243392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores17.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores18.data       243392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores18.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores19.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores19.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores20.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores20.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores21.data       242944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores21.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores22.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores22.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores23.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores23.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores24.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores24.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores25.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores25.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores26.data       243392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores26.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores27.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores27.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores28.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores28.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores29.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores29.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores30.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores30.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores31.data       243392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores31.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores32.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores32.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores33.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores33.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores34.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores34.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores35.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores35.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores36.data       242944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores36.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores37.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores37.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores38.data       243168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores38.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores39.data       243392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::gpu.shader_cores39.inst          840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          84448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data          15634                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          40032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data           7336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         103232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data          18882                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          39352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data           7319                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu4.inst          40120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu4.data           7458                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu5.inst          34776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu5.data           6333                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu6.dtb.walker         1200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu6.inst       13110976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu6.data        1793611                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu7.inst          96032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu7.data          17606                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           27172763                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores00.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores01.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores02.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores03.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores04.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores05.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores06.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores07.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores08.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores09.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores10.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores11.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores12.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores13.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores14.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores15.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores16.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores17.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores18.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores19.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores20.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores21.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores22.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores23.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores24.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores25.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores26.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores27.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores28.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores29.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores30.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores31.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores32.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores33.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores34.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores35.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores36.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores37.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores38.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores39.inst          840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        84448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        40032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       103232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        39352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu4.inst        40120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu5.inst        34776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu6.inst     13110976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu7.inst        96032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      13582568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores00.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores01.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores02.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores03.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores04.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores05.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores06.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores07.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores08.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores09.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores10.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores11.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores12.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores13.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores14.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores15.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores16.data       105472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores17.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores18.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores19.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores20.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores21.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores22.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores23.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores24.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores25.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores26.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores27.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores28.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores29.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores30.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores31.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores32.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores33.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores34.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores35.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores36.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores37.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores38.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::gpu.shader_cores39.data       104448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::cpu0.data         8530                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::cpu1.data         4062                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::cpu2.data        11179                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::cpu3.data         4062                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::cpu4.data         4129                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::cpu5.data         3510                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::cpu6.data      1189764                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::cpu7.data        10395                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         5429935                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers00.walker        54192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers01.walker        40664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers02.walker        28296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers03.walker         8736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers04.walker         6704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers05.walker         5268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers06.walker         5004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers07.walker         4664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers08.walker         4640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers09.walker         4556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers10.walker         4440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers11.walker         4348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers12.walker         4332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers13.walker         4368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers14.walker         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers15.walker         4228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers16.walker         3784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers17.walker         3704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers18.walker         3516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers19.walker         3512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers20.walker         3508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers21.walker         3352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers22.walker         3472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers23.walker         3348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers24.walker         3396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers25.walker         3540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers26.walker         3372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers27.walker         3368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers28.walker         3260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers29.walker         3416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers30.walker         3244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers31.walker         3228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores00.data         4278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores01.data         4323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores02.data         4329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores03.data         4329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores04.data         4323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores05.data         4323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores06.data         4323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores07.data         4335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores08.data         4335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores09.data         4335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores10.data         4335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores11.data         4323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores12.data         4323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores13.data         4323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores14.data         4329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores15.data         4329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores16.data         4323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores16.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores17.data         4278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores17.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores18.data         4278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores18.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores19.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores19.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores20.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores20.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores21.data         4290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores21.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores22.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores22.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores23.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores23.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores24.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores24.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores25.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores25.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores26.data         4278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores26.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores27.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores27.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores28.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores28.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores29.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores29.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores30.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores30.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores31.data         4278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores31.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores32.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores32.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores33.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores33.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores34.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores34.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores35.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores35.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores36.data         4290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores36.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores37.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores37.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores38.data         4284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores38.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores39.data         4278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::gpu.shader_cores39.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           10556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            2268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            5004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            1088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           12904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            3314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst            4919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            1071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu4.inst            5015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu4.data            1092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu5.inst            4347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu5.data             925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu6.dtb.walker          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu6.inst         1638872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu6.data          297383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu7.inst           12004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu7.data            3060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2421148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores00.data         2392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores01.data         2418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores02.data         2423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores03.data         2423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores04.data         2418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores05.data         2418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores06.data         2418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores07.data         2428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores08.data         2428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores09.data         2428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores10.data         2428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores11.data         2418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores12.data         2418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores13.data         2418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores14.data         2423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores15.data         2423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores16.data         2418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores17.data         2392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores18.data         2392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores19.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores20.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores21.data         2402                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores22.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores23.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores24.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores25.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores26.data         2392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores27.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores28.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores29.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores30.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores31.data         2392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores32.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores33.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores34.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores35.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores36.data         2402                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores37.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores38.data         2397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::gpu.shader_cores39.data         2392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::cpu0.data           1191                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::cpu1.data            569                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::cpu2.data           1623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::cpu3.data            569                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::cpu4.data            579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::cpu5.data            489                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::cpu6.data         193622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::cpu7.data           1507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             296405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers00.walker     70508792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers01.walker     52907616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers02.walker     36815707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers03.walker     11366342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers04.walker      8722523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers05.walker      6854154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers06.walker      6510666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers07.walker      6068294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers08.walker      6037068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers09.walker      5927776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers10.walker      5776850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers11.walker      5657149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers12.walker      5636332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers13.walker      5683171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers14.walker      5573879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers15.walker      5501018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers16.walker      4923333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers17.walker      4819246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers18.walker      4574640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers19.walker      4569436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers20.walker      4564232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers21.walker      4361261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers22.walker      4517392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers23.walker      4356057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers24.walker      4418509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers25.walker      4605867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers26.walker      4387283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers27.walker      4382079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers28.walker      4241561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers29.walker      4444531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers30.walker      4220743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers31.walker      4199926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores00.data     39584431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores00.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores01.data     39953941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores01.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores02.data     39917511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores02.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores03.data     39917511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores03.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores04.data     39953941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores04.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores05.data     39953941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores05.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores06.data     39953941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores06.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores07.data     39881080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores07.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores08.data     39881080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores08.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores09.data     39881080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores09.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores10.data     39881080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores10.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores11.data     39953941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores11.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores12.data     39953941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores12.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores13.data     39953941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores13.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores14.data     39917511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores14.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores15.data     39917511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores15.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores16.data     39953941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores16.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores17.data     39584431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores17.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores18.data     39584431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores18.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores19.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores19.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores20.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores20.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores21.data     39511570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores21.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores22.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores22.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores23.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores23.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores24.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores24.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores25.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores25.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores26.data     39584431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores26.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores27.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores27.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores28.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores28.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores29.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores29.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores30.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores30.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores31.data     39584431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores31.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores32.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores32.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores33.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores33.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores34.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores34.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores35.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores35.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores36.data     39511570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores36.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores37.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores37.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores38.data     39548001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores38.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores39.data     39584431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::gpu.shader_cores39.inst       136615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          13734330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           2542660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           6510666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data           1193102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          16789295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data           3070903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           6400073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data           1190337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu4.inst           6524978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu4.data           1212943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu5.inst           5655848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu5.data           1029977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu6.dtb.walker       195164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu6.inst        2132323686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu6.data         291706675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu7.inst          15618312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu7.data           2863379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            4419283976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores00.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores01.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores02.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores03.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores04.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores05.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores06.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores07.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores08.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores09.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores10.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores11.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores12.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores13.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores14.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores15.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores16.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores17.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores18.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores19.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores20.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores21.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores22.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores23.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores24.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores25.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores26.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores27.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores28.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores29.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores30.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores31.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores32.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores33.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores34.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores35.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores36.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores37.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores38.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::gpu.shader_cores39.inst       136615                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     13734330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      6510666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     16789295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      6400073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu4.inst      6524978                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu5.inst      5655848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu6.inst   2132323686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu7.inst     15618312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total       2209021774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores00.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores01.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores02.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores03.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores04.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores05.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores06.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores07.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores08.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores09.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores10.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores11.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores12.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores13.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores14.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores15.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores16.data     17153600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores17.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores18.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores19.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores20.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores21.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores22.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores23.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores24.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores25.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores26.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores27.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores28.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores29.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores30.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores31.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores32.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores33.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores34.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores35.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores36.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores37.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores38.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::gpu.shader_cores39.data     16987061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::cpu0.data          1387290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::cpu1.data           660630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::cpu2.data          1818114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::cpu3.data           660630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::cpu4.data           671526                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::cpu5.data           570854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::cpu6.data        193499092                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::cpu7.data          1690607                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            883105805                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers00.walker     70508792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers01.walker     52907616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers02.walker     36815707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers03.walker     11366342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers04.walker      8722523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers05.walker      6854154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers06.walker      6510666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers07.walker      6068294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers08.walker      6037068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers09.walker      5927776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers10.walker      5776850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers11.walker      5657149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers12.walker      5636332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers13.walker      5683171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers14.walker      5573879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers15.walker      5501018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers16.walker      4923333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers17.walker      4819246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers18.walker      4574640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers19.walker      4569436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers20.walker      4564232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers21.walker      4361261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers22.walker      4517392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers23.walker      4356057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers24.walker      4418509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers25.walker      4605867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers26.walker      4387283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers27.walker      4382079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers28.walker      4241561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers29.walker      4444531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers30.walker      4220743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkers31.walker      4199926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores00.data     56571492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores00.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores01.data     57107542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores01.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores02.data     57071111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores02.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores03.data     57071111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores03.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores04.data     57107542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores04.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores05.data     57107542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores05.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores06.data     57107542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores06.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores07.data     57034681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores07.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores08.data     57034681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores08.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores09.data     57034681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores09.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores10.data     57034681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores10.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores11.data     57107542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores11.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores12.data     57107542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores12.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores13.data     57107542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores13.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores14.data     57071111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores14.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores15.data     57071111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores15.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores16.data     57107542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores16.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores17.data     56571492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores17.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores18.data     56571492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores18.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores19.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores19.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores20.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores20.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores21.data     56498631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores21.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores22.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores22.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores23.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores23.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores24.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores24.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores25.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores25.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores26.data     56571492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores26.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores27.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores27.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores28.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores28.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores29.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores29.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores30.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores30.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores31.data     56571492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores31.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores32.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores32.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores33.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores33.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores34.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores34.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores35.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores35.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores36.data     56498631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores36.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores37.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores37.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores38.data     56535061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores38.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores39.data     56571492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::gpu.shader_cores39.inst       136615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         13734330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          3929949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          6510666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data          1853731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         16789295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data          4889017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          6400073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data          1850966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu4.inst          6524978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu4.data          1884470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu5.inst          5655848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu5.data          1600831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu6.dtb.walker       195164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu6.inst       2132323686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu6.data        485205768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu7.inst         15618312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu7.data          4553986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           5302389781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.ruby_clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                1292421                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                324.847189                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                54.305239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               677.249298                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     1044556     80.82%     80.82% |      113365      8.77%     89.59% |       45149      3.49%     93.09% |       35136      2.72%     95.81% |       23041      1.78%     97.59% |       12389      0.96%     98.55% |        9616      0.74%     99.29% |        6473      0.50%     99.79% |        2422      0.19%     99.98% |         274      0.02%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  1292421                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples      2717553                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.723895                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.251988                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.679552                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     2631069     96.82%     96.82% |       61889      2.28%     99.09% |       17918      0.66%     99.75% |        4417      0.16%     99.92% |        1544      0.06%     99.97% |         574      0.02%     99.99% |         142      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total       2717553                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples             2717553                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean             115.186403                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              5.331214                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            608.583689                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |     2669604     98.24%     98.24% |       30171      1.11%     99.35% |       11397      0.42%     99.77% |        5010      0.18%     99.95% |         984      0.04%     99.99% |         312      0.01%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total               2717553                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples         2450779                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.483293                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.290318                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          1.493699                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8445      0.34%      0.34% |           0      0.00%      0.34% |     2202067     89.85%     90.20% |           0      0.00%     90.20% |           0      0.00%     90.20% |           0      0.00%     90.20% |           0      0.00%     90.20% |      240267      9.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total           2450779                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         266774                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1141.371993                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       449.009423                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1614.063674                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      218825     82.03%     82.03% |       30171     11.31%     93.34% |       11397      4.27%     97.61% |        5010      1.88%     99.49% |         984      0.37%     99.85% |         312      0.12%     99.97% |          62      0.02%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           266774                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.L1Dcache.demand_hits          202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6479                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.L1Dcache.demand_hits          189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6503                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6549                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.L1Dcache.demand_hits          219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6462                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.L1Dcache.demand_hits          213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6468                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.L1Dcache.demand_hits          219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6451                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.L1Dcache.demand_hits          195                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6475                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6535                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_hits          186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6484                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_hits          202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          218                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          207                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6534                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.L1Dcache.demand_hits          219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6462                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        15794                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses          818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        16612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        15441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses          887                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        16328                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        15934                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses          689                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        16623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        16116                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses          743                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        16859                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        16158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses          658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16816                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        16084                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses          653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        16737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1616                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses           55                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         1671                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits         4983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses           32                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses         5015                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses           47                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         1414                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits         4328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses           19                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses         4347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits       490449                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses          706                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       491155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits      1638336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses          536                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1638872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits         4505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses           62                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         4567                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits        11955                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses           49                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses        12004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits         3323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses          136                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         3459                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits        10459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses           97                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses        10556                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1603                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses           54                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         1657                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits         4972                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses           32                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses         5004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits         4857                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses           80                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         4937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits        12841                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses           63                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses        12904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses           54                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         1640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits         4887                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses           32                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses         4919                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        16091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses          574                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        16665                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        16099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses          588                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        16687                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        16004                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses          644                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        16648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        16048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses          639                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16687                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        15847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses          809                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        16656                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses          722                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        15765                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses          871                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        15983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses          862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        16845                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.L1Dcache.demand_hits          206                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6464                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp39.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.L1Dcache.demand_hits          225                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6456                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.prefetcher.hits             0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_ce.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.L1Dcache.demand_hits          222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6459                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.L1Dcache.demand_hits          203                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6489                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp36.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.L1Dcache.demand_hits          205                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15744                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses          875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        16619                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.L1Dcache.demand_hits          214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6467                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp35.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.L1Dcache.demand_hits          211                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6470                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp34.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.L1Dcache.demand_hits          213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6468                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp33.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.L1Dcache.demand_hits          197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6484                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp32.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.L1Dcache.demand_hits          208                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6462                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        15522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses          898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16420                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          219                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6522                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          201                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6540                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          209                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6543                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6470                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6553                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.L1Dcache.demand_hits          226                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6455                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp37.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.L1Dcache.demand_hits          225                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6456                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.L1Dcache.demand_hits          224                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6457                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp38.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.L1Dcache.demand_hits          224                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6457                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.clk_domain.clock         2500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memReq           767                       # Total number of memory requests
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memRead          386                       # Number of memory reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memWrite          381                       # Number of memory writes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memRefresh         1396                       # Number of memory refreshes
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memWaitCycles         3181                       # Delay stalled at the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankQ           20                       # Delay behind the head of the bank queue
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.totalStalls         3201                       # Total number of stall cycles
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.stallsPerReq     4.173403                       # Expected number of stall cycles per request
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankBusy         3145                       # memory stalls due to busy bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBusBusy           26                       # memory stalls due to busy bus
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memReadWriteBusy            1                       # memory stalls due to read write turnaround
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memArbWait            9                       # memory stalls due to arbitration
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankCount |          23      3.00%      3.00% |          22      2.87%      5.87% |          26      3.39%      9.26% |          30      3.91%     13.17% |          28      3.65%     16.82% |          26      3.39%     20.21% |          32      4.17%     24.38% |          26      3.39%     27.77% |          24      3.13%     30.90% |          24      3.13%     34.03% |          24      3.13%     37.16% |          24      3.13%     40.29% |          24      3.13%     43.42% |          26      3.39%     46.81% |          27      3.52%     50.33% |          26      3.39%     53.72% |          24      3.13%     56.84% |          24      3.13%     59.97% |          26      3.39%     63.36% |          28      3.65%     67.01% |          22      2.87%     69.88% |          20      2.61%     72.49% |          20      2.61%     75.10% |          22      2.87%     77.97% |          24      3.13%     81.10% |          20      2.61%     83.70% |          20      2.61%     86.31% |          23      3.00%     89.31% |          20      2.61%     91.92% |          20      2.61%     94.52% |          22      2.87%     97.39% |          20      2.61%    100.00% # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memBuffer.memBankCount::total          767                       # Number of accesses per bank
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.L1Dcache.demand_hits          232                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.L1Dcache.demand_misses         6449                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.L1Icache.demand_misses           35                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.L1Icache.demand_accesses           35                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_hits       240267                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3477                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       243744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.hits             0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2891502                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     1160161     27.85%     27.85% |     2746589     65.93%     93.78% |      259091      6.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      4165841                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     1160161     27.85%     27.85% |     2746589     65.93%     93.78% |      259091      6.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      4165841                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    66094232                       |   162106851                       |     3351107                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     4563095                       |  1854819943                       |      259091                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   56.969879                       |   59.021154                       |   12.934093                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.933157                       |  675.317619                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    55.583540                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency   446.402570                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency        501.986110                      
system.ruby.network.link_dynamic_power       0.108232                      
system.ruby.network.link_static_power               0                      
system.ruby.network.link_total_power         0.108232                      
system.ruby.network.router_dynamic_power 21277011293.548653                      
system.ruby.network.router_static_power  40826.742147                      
system.ruby.network.clk_power               24.608563                      
system.ruby.network.router_total_power   21277052144.899364                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization    26.610632                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.763443      2.87%      2.87% |    0.783477      2.94%      5.81% |    0.764862      2.87%      8.69% |    0.783005      2.94%     11.63% |    0.764143      2.87%     14.50% |    0.782081      2.94%     17.44% |    0.763124      2.87%     20.31% |    0.781370      2.94%     23.24% |    2.443873      9.18%     32.43% |    2.433618      9.15%     41.57% |    2.451639      9.21%     50.79% |    2.430352      9.13%     59.92% |    2.447447      9.20%     69.12% |    2.426863      9.12%     78.24% |    2.445178      9.19%     87.43% |    2.424763      9.11%     96.54% |    0.114947      0.43%     96.97% |    0.115389      0.43%     97.40% |    0.115352      0.43%     97.84% |    0.115274      0.43%     98.27% |    0.115206      0.43%     98.70% |    0.115133      0.43%     99.14% |    0.115079      0.43%     99.57% |    0.115012      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total      26.610632                      
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.gpu.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.gpu.clk_domain.clock                      1429                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.dram_wrapper.clk_domain.clock          541                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.icnt_wrapper.clk_domain.clock         2858                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPagefaults                 0                       # Number of Pagefaults
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPagewalks              60944                       # Number of Pagewalks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.totalRequests             74211                       # Total number of requests
system.gpu.shader_mmu.retryFailures                 0                       # Times the retry walk after a pagefault failed
system.gpu.shader_mmu.l2hits                        0                       # Hits in the shared L2
system.gpu.shader_mmu.prefetchHits                  0                       # Number of prefetch hits
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPrefetches                 0                       # Number of prefetchs
system.gpu.shader_mmu.prefetchFaults                0                       # Number of faults caused by prefetches
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::samples            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::0            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::1            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::2            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::3            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::4            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::5            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::6            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::7            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::8            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::9            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::10            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::11            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::12            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::13            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::14            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::15            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::16            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::17            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::18            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::19            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::20            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::21            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::22            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::23            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::24            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::25            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::26            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::27            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::28            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::29            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::30            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::31            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::total            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::samples        60944                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::mean    14.349731                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::gmean            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::stdev    13.806680                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::0-1        12276     20.14%     20.14% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::2-3        16204     26.59%     46.73% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::4-5         2204      3.62%     50.35% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::6-7          958      1.57%     51.92% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::8-9          785      1.29%     53.21% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::10-11          783      1.28%     54.49% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::12-13          806      1.32%     55.82% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::14-15          801      1.31%     57.13% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::16-17          560      0.92%     58.05% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::18-19          497      0.82%     58.86% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::20-21          499      0.82%     59.68% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::22-23          474      0.78%     60.46% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::24-25          483      0.79%     61.25% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::26-27          454      0.74%     62.00% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::28-29          423      0.69%     62.69% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::30-31        22737     37.31%    100.00% # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::total        60944                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::samples        60944                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::mean    50.359691                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::gmean            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::stdev    81.573417                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::0-127        60290     98.93%     98.93% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::128-255          218      0.36%     99.28% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::256-383           86      0.14%     99.43% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::384-511           68      0.11%     99.54% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::512-639           86      0.14%     99.68% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::640-767           48      0.08%     99.76% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::768-895           65      0.11%     99.86% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::896-1023           16      0.03%     99.89% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1024-1151           16      0.03%     99.92% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1152-1279           11      0.02%     99.93% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%     99.93% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1408-1535            4      0.01%     99.94% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%     99.94% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%     99.94% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%     99.94% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%     99.94% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2048-2175           14      0.02%     99.96% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2176-2303            0      0.00%     99.96% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2304-2431           22      0.04%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2432-2559            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2560-2687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2688-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2816-2943            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2944-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3072-3199            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3200-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3328-3455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3456-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3584-3711            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3712-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3840-3967            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3968-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::total        60944                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.kernels_started                        127                       # Number of kernels started
system.gpu.kernels_completed                      127                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores00.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores00.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.activeCycles        1042416                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores00.notStalledCycles       124594                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores00.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores00.instPerCycle       1.263780                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores00.kernels_completed           88                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4840                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1830                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.725637                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1507576423                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     0.668622                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     1.469151                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    882548971     58.54%     58.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    473386259     31.40%     89.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    113524047      7.53%     97.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4754283      0.32%     97.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      2782263      0.18%     97.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      2696523      0.18%     98.15% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      2349276      0.16%     98.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      2119207      0.14%     98.45% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     11822117      0.78%     99.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      1860558      0.12%     99.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      2046328      0.14%     99.49% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      1146058      0.08%     99.57% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      1051744      0.07%     99.64% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13       996013      0.07%     99.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14       697352      0.05%     99.75% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15       690207      0.05%     99.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16      3105217      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1507576423                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.294942                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            2                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.868347                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.468213                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.473062                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1898     53.17%     53.17% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1570     43.98%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   226.326109                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   159.692652                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   266.152564                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-255         1426     73.58%     73.58% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::256-511          396     20.43%     94.01% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-767           43      2.22%     96.23% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::768-1023           24      1.24%     97.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1279           24      1.24%     98.71% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1280-1535           12      0.62%     99.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-1791            2      0.10%     99.43% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1792-2047            2      0.10%     99.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2303            2      0.10%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2304-2559            3      0.15%     99.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-2815            2      0.10%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2816-3071            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3327            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3328-3583            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   150.710172                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean    57.775498                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   283.093290                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-127         1231     75.43%     75.43% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::128-255          137      8.39%     83.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-383           74      4.53%     88.36% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::384-511           62      3.80%     92.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-639           36      2.21%     94.36% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::640-767            5      0.31%     94.67% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-895            9      0.55%     95.22% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::896-1023           34      2.08%     97.30% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1151            5      0.31%     97.61% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1152-1279            3      0.18%     97.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1407           18      1.10%     98.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1408-1535            1      0.06%     98.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1663           16      0.98%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1664-1791            0      0.00%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-1919            1      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1830                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean    84.479781                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    52.692199                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   139.042289                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-63         1352     73.88%     73.88% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::64-127          274     14.97%     88.85% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-191           41      2.24%     91.09% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::192-255           45      2.46%     93.55% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-319           30      1.64%     95.19% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::320-383           11      0.60%     95.79% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-447            5      0.27%     96.07% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::448-511            0      0.00%     96.07% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-575           26      1.42%     97.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::576-639            3      0.16%     97.65% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-703            0      0.00%     97.65% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::704-767            1      0.05%     97.70% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-831           42      2.30%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::832-895            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::960-1023            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1830                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores01.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.activeCycles        1067425                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores01.notStalledCycles       126180                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores01.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores01.instPerCycle       1.246293                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores01.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4939                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1802                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.732681                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1555617974                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     0.732389                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     1.598889                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    893446525     57.43%     57.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    494594048     31.79%     89.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    113786983      7.31%     96.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5813172      0.37%     96.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5680275      0.37%     97.28% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3836865      0.25%     97.53% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3283842      0.21%     97.74% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4146958      0.27%     98.01% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     16449219      1.06%     99.06% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      2289258      0.15%     99.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      2730819      0.18%     99.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      1861987      0.12%     99.51% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      1680504      0.11%     99.61% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      1271810      0.08%     99.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      1251804      0.08%     99.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      1041741      0.07%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16      2452164      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1555617974                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.337422                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            3                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.869903                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.469797                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472826                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1911     53.01%     53.01% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1591     44.13%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   232.929995                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   162.334538                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   272.572383                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-255         1416     72.36%     72.36% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::256-511          410     20.95%     93.31% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-767           41      2.10%     95.40% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::768-1023           27      1.38%     96.78% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1279           25      1.28%     98.06% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1280-1535           23      1.18%     99.23% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-1791            4      0.20%     99.44% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1792-2047            3      0.15%     99.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2303            3      0.15%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2304-2559            3      0.15%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-2815            2      0.10%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   194.432039                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean    75.690336                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   311.274001                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-127         1101     66.81%     66.81% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::128-255          181     10.98%     77.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-383          101      6.13%     83.92% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::384-511           64      3.88%     87.80% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-639           52      3.16%     90.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::640-767           29      1.76%     92.72% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-895           18      1.09%     93.81% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::896-1023           33      2.00%     95.81% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1151           26      1.58%     97.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1152-1279           15      0.91%     98.30% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1407           15      0.91%     99.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1408-1535            3      0.18%     99.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1663            0      0.00%     99.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1664-1791            9      0.55%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-1919            0      0.00%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1920-2047            1      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000857                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000792                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.029260                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3499     99.91%     99.91% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            3      0.09%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1802                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean    95.340178                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    57.703633                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   152.005827                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-63         1207     66.98%     66.98% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::64-127          312     17.31%     84.30% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-191           95      5.27%     89.57% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::192-255           48      2.66%     92.23% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-319           28      1.55%     93.78% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::320-383           32      1.78%     95.56% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-447           10      0.55%     96.12% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::448-511            0      0.00%     96.12% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-575           27      1.50%     97.61% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::576-639            1      0.06%     97.67% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-703           14      0.78%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::704-767            0      0.00%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-831            0      0.00%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::832-895            0      0.00%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-959            9      0.50%     98.95% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::960-1023           19      1.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1802                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores02.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.activeCycles        1080963                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores02.notStalledCycles       125847                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores02.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores02.instPerCycle       1.230684                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores02.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4863                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1889                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.720231                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1582884723                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     0.782490                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     1.730306                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    891278732     56.31%     56.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    512357947     32.37%     88.68% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    117603842      7.43%     96.11% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      6676288      0.42%     96.53% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      7746609      0.49%     97.02% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3588219      0.23%     97.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3099501      0.20%     97.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3423884      0.22%     97.66% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     18411236      1.16%     98.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      2776547      0.18%     98.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      2540762      0.16%     99.15% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      2162077      0.14%     99.29% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      2710813      0.17%     99.46% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      1824833      0.12%     99.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      1746238      0.11%     99.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      1659069      0.10%     99.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16      3278126      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1582884723                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.375982                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.872954                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.472909                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472367                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1900     52.70%     52.70% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1602     44.44%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   242.662749                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   167.887551                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   295.325794                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-255         1410     72.05%     72.05% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::256-511          418     21.36%     93.41% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-767           30      1.53%     94.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::768-1023           26      1.33%     96.27% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1279           22      1.12%     97.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1280-1535           24      1.23%     98.62% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-1791           14      0.72%     99.34% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1792-2047            2      0.10%     99.44% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2303            6      0.31%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2304-2559            2      0.10%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-2815            3      0.15%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   225.030340                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean    84.002941                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   368.980353                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-127         1098     66.63%     66.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::128-255          159      9.65%     76.27% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-383          108      6.55%     82.83% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::384-511           58      3.52%     86.35% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-639           46      2.79%     89.14% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::640-767           27      1.64%     90.78% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-895           23      1.40%     92.17% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::896-1023           26      1.58%     93.75% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1151           16      0.97%     94.72% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1152-1279           12      0.73%     95.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1407           36      2.18%     97.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1408-1535           21      1.27%     98.91% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1663            2      0.12%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1664-1791            5      0.30%     99.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-1919            4      0.24%     99.58% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1920-2047            7      0.42%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000286                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000264                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016898                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3501     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1889                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   100.233457                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    61.290048                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   136.755725                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-63         1227     64.96%     64.96% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::64-127          291     15.40%     80.36% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-191          123      6.51%     86.87% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::192-255           44      2.33%     89.20% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-319           48      2.54%     91.74% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::320-383           35      1.85%     93.59% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-447           56      2.96%     96.56% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::448-511           29      1.54%     98.09% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-575            8      0.42%     98.52% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::576-639            0      0.00%     98.52% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-703           14      0.74%     99.26% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::704-767            0      0.00%     99.26% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-831            0      0.00%     99.26% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::832-895            0      0.00%     99.26% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-959           14      0.74%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::960-1023            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1889                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores03.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.activeCycles        1088446                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores03.notStalledCycles       125740                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores03.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores03.instPerCycle       1.222223                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores03.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4863                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1889                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.720231                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1602633503                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     0.840889                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     1.856240                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    890195550     55.55%     55.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    520247456     32.46%     88.01% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    119127156      7.43%     95.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      7054973      0.44%     95.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      8193886      0.51%     96.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4269852      0.27%     96.66% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4146958      0.26%     96.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3306706      0.21%     97.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     23065489      1.44%     98.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      3365295      0.21%     98.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      3626802      0.23%     99.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      3469612      0.22%     99.22% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      3495334      0.22%     99.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      1859129      0.12%     99.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      1539033      0.10%     99.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      1811972      0.11%     99.76% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16      3858300      0.24%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1602633503                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.409580                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            3                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.872954                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.472909                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472367                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1900     52.70%     52.70% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1602     44.44%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   247.970874                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   170.055185                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   313.552080                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-255         1404     71.74%     71.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::256-511          416     21.26%     93.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-767           37      1.89%     94.89% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::768-1023           27      1.38%     96.27% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1279           23      1.18%     97.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1280-1535           21      1.07%     98.52% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-1791            7      0.36%     98.88% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1792-2047           10      0.51%     99.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2303            2      0.10%     99.49% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2304-2559            4      0.20%     99.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-2815            6      0.31%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   265.031553                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   105.117458                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   389.388937                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255         1183     71.78%     71.78% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          169     10.25%     82.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          119      7.22%     89.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023           67      4.07%     93.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           30      1.82%     95.15% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           56      3.40%     98.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791            7      0.42%     98.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           12      0.73%     99.70% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303            5      0.30%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3502    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1889                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   109.588142                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    64.469835                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   159.161204                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-63         1174     62.15%     62.15% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::64-127          230     12.18%     74.33% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-191          239     12.65%     86.98% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::192-255           64      3.39%     90.37% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-319           49      2.59%     92.96% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::320-383           28      1.48%     94.44% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-447           15      0.79%     95.24% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::448-511           24      1.27%     96.51% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-575           22      1.16%     97.67% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::576-639            0      0.00%     97.67% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-703            0      0.00%     97.67% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::704-767            0      0.00%     97.67% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-831           14      0.74%     98.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::832-895            3      0.16%     98.57% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-959           13      0.69%     99.26% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::960-1023           14      0.74%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1889                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores04.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.activeCycles        1098240                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores04.notStalledCycles       125739                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores04.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores04.instPerCycle       1.211324                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores04.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4902                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1839                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.727192                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1625047368                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     0.921201                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.080926                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    890697129     54.81%     54.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    520038822     32.00%     86.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    130976424      8.06%     94.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      6577687      0.40%     95.28% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      6649137      0.41%     95.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      5135826      0.32%     96.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4555652      0.28%     96.28% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      5593106      0.34%     96.63% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     27448232      1.69%     98.32% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      3795424      0.23%     98.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      3419597      0.21%     98.76% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      2849426      0.18%     98.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      2649366      0.16%     99.10% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      1939153      0.12%     99.22% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      1881993      0.12%     99.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2460738      0.15%     99.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16      7872361      0.48%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17        37154      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18        52873      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19        28580      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20        58589      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21        37154      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22        28580      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23        45728      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24       218637      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1625047368                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.464635                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            1                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.869903                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.469797                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472826                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1911     53.01%     53.01% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1591     44.13%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   257.419520                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   172.135057                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   355.540653                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1815     92.74%     92.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           63      3.22%     95.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           49      2.50%     98.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           13      0.66%     99.13% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559            5      0.26%     99.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            5      0.26%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            5      0.26%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   317.232403                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   122.772478                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   459.051136                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255         1116     67.72%     67.72% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          198     12.01%     79.73% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          124      7.52%     87.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023           45      2.73%     89.99% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           43      2.61%     92.60% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           47      2.85%     95.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           49      2.97%     98.42% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           20      1.21%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303            5      0.30%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            1      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000286                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000264                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016898                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3501     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1839                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   136.013594                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    71.440832                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   207.192486                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1268     68.95%     68.95% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          325     17.67%     86.62% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          115      6.25%     92.88% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511            0      0.00%     92.88% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           75      4.08%     96.95% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767            0      0.00%     96.95% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           14      0.76%     97.72% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           30      1.63%     99.35% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            0      0.00%     99.35% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            0      0.00%     99.35% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            6      0.33%     99.67% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            6      0.33%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1839                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores05.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.activeCycles        1097792                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores05.notStalledCycles       125603                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores05.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores05.instPerCycle       1.211818                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores05.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4902                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1839                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.727192                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1630047439                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     0.981151                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.290614                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    889874025     54.59%     54.59% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    517700978     31.76%     86.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    133740110      8.20%     94.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      6229011      0.38%     94.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5878906      0.36%     95.30% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3619657      0.22%     95.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4615670      0.28%     95.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      5385901      0.33%     96.13% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     29598877      1.82%     97.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      4221266      0.26%     98.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      3763986      0.23%     98.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      3752554      0.23%     98.67% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      3006616      0.18%     98.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      2016319      0.12%     98.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      1833407      0.11%     99.09% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      1950585      0.12%     99.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     10767515      0.66%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       517298      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18        94314      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19        94314      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20        84311      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       132897      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22        88598      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       150045      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24       648766      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25        60018      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26        64305      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27        77166      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28        61447      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29        18577      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1630047439                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.484420                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.869903                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.469797                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472826                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1911     53.01%     53.01% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1591     44.13%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   258.936638                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   174.943618                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   354.126054                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1809     92.44%     92.44% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           70      3.58%     96.01% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           42      2.15%     98.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           19      0.97%     99.13% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559            5      0.26%     99.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            9      0.46%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            1      0.05%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   358.882282                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   136.432231                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   495.586856                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255         1048     63.59%     63.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          199     12.08%     75.67% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          136      8.25%     83.92% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023           83      5.04%     88.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           51      3.09%     92.05% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           50      3.03%     95.08% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           43      2.61%     97.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           21      1.27%     98.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303            9      0.55%     99.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            0      0.00%     99.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            8      0.49%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000286                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000264                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016898                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3501     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1839                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   122.193040                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    66.143451                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   196.623260                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1363     74.12%     74.12% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          263     14.30%     88.42% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383           95      5.17%     93.58% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           50      2.72%     96.30% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           12      0.65%     96.95% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767            8      0.44%     97.39% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895            7      0.38%     97.77% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           13      0.71%     98.48% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            8      0.44%     98.91% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279           16      0.87%     99.78% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%     99.78% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            4      0.22%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1839                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores06.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.activeCycles        1105553                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores06.notStalledCycles       125645                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores06.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores06.instPerCycle       1.203311                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores06.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4894                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1847                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.726005                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1646712437                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.014888                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.378440                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    890351311     54.07%     54.07% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    524237224     31.84%     85.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    139073138      8.45%     94.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4944340      0.30%     94.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      6166135      0.37%     95.02% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4538504      0.28%     95.30% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4156961      0.25%     95.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4271281      0.26%     95.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     34164532      2.07%     97.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      4079795      0.25%     98.13% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      3971191      0.24%     98.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      3396733      0.21%     98.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      4058360      0.25%     98.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      2435016      0.15%     98.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      2259249      0.14%     99.11% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      1796253      0.11%     99.22% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     10267365      0.62%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17        72879      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       101459      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       168622      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       164335      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21        44299      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22        47157      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23        45728      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      1168922      0.07%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       104317      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26        52873      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27        91456      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       112891      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29        65734      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30        87169      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       217208      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1646712437                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.523839                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            2                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.869903                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.469797                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472826                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1911     53.01%     53.01% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1591     44.13%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   264.947879                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   177.307722                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   376.873722                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1801     92.03%     92.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           77      3.93%     95.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           41      2.10%     98.06% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           19      0.97%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559            8      0.41%     99.44% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            3      0.15%     99.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            5      0.26%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            0      0.00%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            2      0.10%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   382.276092                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   147.727586                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   518.548176                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255         1011     61.35%     61.35% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          233     14.14%     75.49% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          110      6.67%     82.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          104      6.31%     88.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           52      3.16%     91.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           52      3.16%     94.78% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           32      1.94%     96.72% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           30      1.82%     98.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           11      0.67%     99.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            6      0.36%     99.58% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            5      0.30%     99.88% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            2      0.12%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000857                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000792                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.029260                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3499     99.91%     99.91% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            3      0.09%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1847                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   124.365457                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    67.397876                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   200.002923                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1336     72.33%     72.33% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          283     15.32%     87.66% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          117      6.33%     93.99% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           51      2.76%     96.75% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639            0      0.00%     96.75% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767            0      0.00%     96.75% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           14      0.76%     97.51% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           16      0.87%     98.38% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           14      0.76%     99.13% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            0      0.00%     99.13% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407           16      0.87%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1847                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores07.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.activeCycles        1116649                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores07.notStalledCycles       125610                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores07.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores07.instPerCycle       1.191354                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores07.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4882                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1881                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.721869                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1663181662                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.088280                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.702057                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    891050092     53.58%     53.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    534377408     32.13%     85.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    140617887      8.45%     94.16% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5421626      0.33%     94.49% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5072950      0.31%     94.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3974049      0.24%     95.03% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3565355      0.21%     95.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3511053      0.21%     95.46% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     33234253      2.00%     97.45% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      4259849      0.26%     97.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4622815      0.28%     97.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4046928      0.24%     98.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      4149816      0.25%     98.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3110933      0.19%     98.67% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      2523614      0.15%     98.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      1661927      0.10%     98.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     11351976      0.68%     99.60% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17        80024      0.00%     99.61% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18        90027      0.01%     99.61% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       105746      0.01%     99.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       141471      0.01%     99.63% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       131468      0.01%     99.63% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       110033      0.01%     99.64% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       104317      0.01%     99.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      4119807      0.25%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       158619      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       135755      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       215779      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       257220      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       301519      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       120036      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31        68592      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       488718      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1663181662                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.554935                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            4                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.876006                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.476028                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.471905                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1889     52.40%     52.40% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1613     44.74%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   271.715892                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   177.901267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   400.345097                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1803     92.13%     92.13% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           70      3.58%     95.71% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           38      1.94%     97.65% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           24      1.23%     98.88% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           10      0.51%     99.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            5      0.26%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            1      0.05%     99.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            4      0.20%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   433.169903                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   169.307747                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   567.909660                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          940     57.04%     57.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          241     14.62%     71.66% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          145      8.80%     80.46% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023           82      4.98%     85.44% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           73      4.43%     89.87% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           57      3.46%     93.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           48      2.91%     96.24% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           28      1.70%     97.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           18      1.09%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            0      0.00%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            0      0.00%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071           16      0.97%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000286                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000264                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016898                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3501     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1881                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   143.170654                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    69.121252                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   320.836337                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-255         1558     82.83%     82.83% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-511          268     14.25%     97.08% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-767           11      0.58%     97.66% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-1023           14      0.74%     98.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1279           15      0.80%     99.20% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1535            4      0.21%     99.42% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1791            0      0.00%     99.42% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-2047            0      0.00%     99.42% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2303            0      0.00%     99.42% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2304-2559            0      0.00%     99.42% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-2815            0      0.00%     99.42% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2816-3071            0      0.00%     99.42% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3327            0      0.00%     99.42% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3328-3583            0      0.00%     99.42% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-3839           11      0.58%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1881                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores08.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.activeCycles        1120248                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores08.notStalledCycles       125619                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores08.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores08.instPerCycle       1.187526                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores08.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4882                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1881                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.721869                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1665470920                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.045267                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.592867                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    889743986     53.42%     53.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    541160871     32.49%     85.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    143041471      8.59%     94.50% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5768873      0.35%     94.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      4787150      0.29%     95.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4677117      0.28%     95.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4474199      0.27%     95.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4398462      0.26%     95.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     29727487      1.78%     97.74% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      4487060      0.27%     98.01% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      3756841      0.23%     98.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      3406736      0.20%     98.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      3493905      0.21%     98.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      2559339      0.15%     98.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      2537904      0.15%     98.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      1779105      0.11%     99.06% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16      9942982      0.60%     99.66% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       142900      0.01%     99.66% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18        45728      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       448706      0.03%     99.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       178625      0.01%     99.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       100030      0.01%     99.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22        50015      0.00%     99.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23        42870      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      2493605      0.15%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       158619      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       154332      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       152903      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       145758      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       141471      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       105746      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       168622      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1197502      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1665470920                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.535492                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.876006                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.476028                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.471905                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1889     52.40%     52.40% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1613     44.74%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   274.352069                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   179.258311                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   395.308288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1801     92.03%     92.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           66      3.37%     95.40% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           40      2.04%     97.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           21      1.07%     98.52% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           16      0.82%     99.34% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            6      0.31%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            4      0.20%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            2      0.10%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   400.677791                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   155.063964                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   547.815563                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          976     59.22%     59.22% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          244     14.81%     74.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          149      9.04%     83.07% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023           69      4.19%     87.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           80      4.85%     92.11% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           33      2.00%     94.11% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           52      3.16%     97.27% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047            8      0.49%     97.75% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           13      0.79%     98.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            0      0.00%     98.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            4      0.24%     98.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071           20      1.21%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000571                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000528                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.023894                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3500     99.94%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            2      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1881                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   137.064327                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    70.902865                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   194.634463                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1377     73.21%     73.21% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          123      6.54%     79.74% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          221     11.75%     91.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           46      2.45%     93.94% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           43      2.29%     96.23% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           31      1.65%     97.87% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895            8      0.43%     98.30% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           17      0.90%     99.20% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           14      0.74%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1881                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores09.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.activeCycles        1126258                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores09.notStalledCycles       125465                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores09.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores09.instPerCycle       1.181189                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores09.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4882                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1881                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.721869                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1678613433                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.066722                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.479481                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    887358985     52.86%     52.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    543694488     32.39%     85.25% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    148557411      8.85%     94.10% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5545949      0.33%     94.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      6421926      0.38%     94.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3708255      0.22%     95.04% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3508195      0.21%     95.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4061218      0.24%     95.49% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     32089624      1.91%     97.40% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6217579      0.37%     97.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4748567      0.28%     98.05% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4527072      0.27%     98.32% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      7293616      0.43%     98.76% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3136655      0.19%     98.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      2560768      0.15%     99.10% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2382143      0.14%     99.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16      9381385      0.56%     99.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       601609      0.04%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18        84311      0.01%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19        90027      0.01%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       391546      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       122894      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       122894      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       431558      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24       573029      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25        91456      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26        51444      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27        57160      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28        88598      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29        70021      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       475857      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31        37154      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       130039      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1678613433                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.555447                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            1                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.876006                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.476028                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.471905                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1889     52.40%     52.40% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1613     44.74%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   280.402146                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   181.075269                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   435.126586                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1803     92.13%     92.13% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           73      3.73%     95.86% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           33      1.69%     97.55% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           19      0.97%     98.52% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           10      0.51%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            5      0.26%     99.28% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            5      0.26%     99.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            6      0.31%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            2      0.10%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   414.620752                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   177.696686                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   488.891841                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          889     53.94%     53.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          260     15.78%     69.72% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          184     11.17%     80.89% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          107      6.49%     87.38% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           79      4.79%     92.17% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           55      3.34%     95.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           38      2.31%     97.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           10      0.61%     98.42% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           24      1.46%     99.88% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            2      0.12%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3502    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1881                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   161.554492                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    76.133710                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   248.347330                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1315     69.91%     69.91% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          175      9.30%     79.21% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          137      7.28%     86.50% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511          116      6.17%     92.66% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639            5      0.27%     92.93% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           44      2.34%     95.27% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           25      1.33%     96.60% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           30      1.59%     98.19% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            4      0.21%     98.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279           14      0.74%     99.15% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407           16      0.85%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1881                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores10.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.activeCycles        1131887                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores10.notStalledCycles       125276                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores10.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores10.instPerCycle       1.175315                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores10.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4882                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1881                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.721869                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1691011437                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.079924                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.491099                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    887446154     52.48%     52.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    554689214     32.80%     85.28% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    146442491      8.66%     93.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5991797      0.35%     94.30% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5888909      0.35%     94.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4655682      0.28%     94.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3335286      0.20%     95.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3901170      0.23%     95.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     33897309      2.00%     97.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      5847468      0.35%     97.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      6440503      0.38%     98.08% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4532788      0.27%     98.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      6011803      0.36%     98.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3303848      0.20%     98.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3069492      0.18%     99.08% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3045199      0.18%     99.26% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16      9315651      0.55%     99.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       104317      0.01%     99.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18        55731      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       391546      0.02%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       150045      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21        48586      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22        51444      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23        42870      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      1483302      0.09%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       202918      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26        94314      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       164335      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       131468      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       275797      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1691011437                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.566424                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.876006                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.476028                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.471905                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1889     52.40%     52.40% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1613     44.74%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   282.214614                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   182.930254                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   431.111932                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1793     91.62%     91.62% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           77      3.93%     95.55% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           42      2.15%     97.70% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           17      0.87%     98.57% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           13      0.66%     99.23% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            3      0.15%     99.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            4      0.20%     99.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            3      0.15%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            2      0.10%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            3      0.15%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   427.562500                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   182.135412                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   496.589546                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          866     52.55%     52.55% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          269     16.32%     68.87% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          194     11.77%     80.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023           86      5.22%     85.86% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           97      5.89%     91.75% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           66      4.00%     95.75% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           29      1.76%     97.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           15      0.91%     98.42% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           23      1.40%     99.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            3      0.18%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000571                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000528                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.023894                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3500     99.94%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            2      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1881                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   158.910154                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    78.211032                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   226.481604                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1262     67.09%     67.09% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          261     13.88%     80.97% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383           95      5.05%     86.02% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511          134      7.12%     93.14% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           17      0.90%     94.05% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           28      1.49%     95.53% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           68      3.62%     99.15% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023            0      0.00%     99.15% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            0      0.00%     99.15% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            0      0.00%     99.15% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407           16      0.85%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1881                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores11.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.activeCycles        1134900                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores11.notStalledCycles       125196                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores11.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores11.instPerCycle       1.172195                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores11.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4909                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1832                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.728230                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1696434492                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.098576                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.622024                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    887261813     52.30%     52.30% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    556266830     32.79%     85.09% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    151125324      8.91%     94.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5318738      0.31%     94.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5471641      0.32%     94.64% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      5188699      0.31%     94.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4315580      0.25%     95.20% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4930050      0.29%     95.49% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     31830975      1.88%     97.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      5807456      0.34%     97.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5273010      0.31%     98.02% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4659969      0.27%     98.29% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      6261878      0.37%     98.66% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      2979465      0.18%     98.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      2750825      0.16%     99.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2456451      0.14%     99.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16      9365666      0.55%     99.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       108604      0.01%     99.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18        90027      0.01%     99.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19        81453      0.00%     99.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       122894      0.01%     99.72% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       125752      0.01%     99.73% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       468712      0.03%     99.75% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       134326      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      2200660      0.13%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       101459      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       132897      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       125752      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       161477      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       341531      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       127181      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       110033      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       737364      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1696434492                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.598378                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            1                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.869903                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.469797                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472826                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1911     53.01%     53.01% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1591     44.13%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   285.229433                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   182.682604                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   443.648546                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1787     91.31%     91.31% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           91      4.65%     95.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           30      1.53%     97.50% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           14      0.72%     98.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           15      0.77%     98.98% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            5      0.26%     99.23% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583           10      0.51%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.80% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            3      0.15%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   439.905947                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   194.821119                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   506.262321                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          837     50.79%     50.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          290     17.60%     68.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          189     11.47%     79.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          111      6.74%     86.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          105      6.37%     92.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           42      2.55%     95.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           17      1.03%     96.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           31      1.88%     98.42% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           10      0.61%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           15      0.91%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            1      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000286                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000264                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016898                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3501     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1832                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   176.787664                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    82.201210                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   247.130126                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1224     66.81%     66.81% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          147      8.02%     74.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          152      8.30%     83.13% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511          146      7.97%     91.10% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           54      2.95%     94.05% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           14      0.76%     94.81% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           35      1.91%     96.72% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           42      2.29%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            0      0.00%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            1      0.05%     99.07% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407           16      0.87%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1832                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores12.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.activeCycles        1135874                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores12.notStalledCycles       125259                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores12.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores12.instPerCycle       1.171190                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores12.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4908                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1833                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.728082                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1700185617                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.195312                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.931629                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    886114326     52.12%     52.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    553215915     32.54%     84.66% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    151292517      8.90%     93.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4176967      0.25%     93.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      6300461      0.37%     94.17% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3143800      0.18%     94.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3170951      0.19%     94.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3320996      0.20%     94.74% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     36260875      2.13%     96.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      5184412      0.30%     97.18% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      3984052      0.23%     97.41% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4204118      0.25%     97.66% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      6647708      0.39%     98.05% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      4072650      0.24%     98.29% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3523914      0.21%     98.50% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3163806      0.19%     98.68% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     14134239      0.83%     99.51% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       511582      0.03%     99.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       255791      0.02%     99.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       187199      0.01%     99.57% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       241501      0.01%     99.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       288658      0.02%     99.60% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       282942      0.02%     99.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       425842      0.03%     99.64% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      3984052      0.23%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       128610      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       151474      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       147187      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28        88598      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       132897      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       404407      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       124323      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       918847      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1700185617                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.621306                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            1                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.869903                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.469797                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472826                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1911     53.01%     53.01% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1591     44.13%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   286.445580                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   183.953739                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   435.054142                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1785     91.21%     91.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           91      4.65%     95.86% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           32      1.64%     97.50% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           19      0.97%     98.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           14      0.72%     99.18% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            4      0.20%     99.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            5      0.26%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            4      0.20%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   510.050364                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   214.763795                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   555.168838                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          744     45.15%     45.15% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          298     18.08%     63.23% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          188     11.41%     74.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          127      7.71%     82.34% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          112      6.80%     89.14% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           74      4.49%     93.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           27      1.64%     95.27% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           41      2.49%     97.75% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           21      1.27%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           16      0.97%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000286                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000264                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016898                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3501     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1833                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   172.331151                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    77.957266                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   249.662458                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1286     70.16%     70.16% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          140      7.64%     77.80% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383           63      3.44%     81.23% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511          148      8.07%     89.31% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           68      3.71%     93.02% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           40      2.18%     95.20% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           27      1.47%     96.67% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           50      2.73%     99.40% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            8      0.44%     99.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            0      0.00%     99.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%     99.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%     99.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            3      0.16%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1833                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores13.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.activeCycles        1141907                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores13.notStalledCycles       124998                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores13.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores13.instPerCycle       1.165002                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores13.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4908                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1833                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.728082                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1715480204                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.205786                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.872383                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    887343266     51.73%     51.73% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    555588055     32.39%     84.11% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    156068235      9.10%     93.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5290158      0.31%     93.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      8080995      0.47%     93.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3133797      0.18%     94.17% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3333857      0.19%     94.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3801140      0.22%     94.59% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     37661295      2.20%     96.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6716300      0.39%     97.17% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5980365      0.35%     97.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4449906      0.26%     97.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      7263607      0.42%     98.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3878306      0.23%     98.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3253833      0.19%     98.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2918018      0.17%     98.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     12423726      0.72%     99.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       434416      0.03%     99.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       398691      0.02%     99.57% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       268652      0.02%     99.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       778805      0.05%     99.63% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       270081      0.02%     99.64% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       683062      0.04%     99.68% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       370111      0.02%     99.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      3413881      0.20%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       142900      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       107175      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       151474      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       507295      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       397262      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30        90027      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       141471      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       140042      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1715480204                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.630758                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            1                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.869903                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.469797                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472826                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1911     53.01%     53.01% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1591     44.13%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   290.877363                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   185.424435                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   441.184223                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1779     90.90%     90.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           98      5.01%     95.91% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           26      1.33%     97.24% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           21      1.07%     98.31% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           14      0.72%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           10      0.51%     99.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            3      0.15%     99.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            2      0.10%     99.80% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            2      0.10%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            2      0.10%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   520.180218                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   234.381748                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   540.804599                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          705     42.78%     42.78% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          314     19.05%     61.83% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          200     12.14%     73.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          105      6.37%     80.34% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          147      8.92%     89.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           80      4.85%     94.11% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           42      2.55%     96.66% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           36      2.18%     98.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303            5      0.30%     99.15% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            8      0.49%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            6      0.36%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000286                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000264                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016898                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3501     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1833                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   172.447900                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    77.455534                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   253.120593                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1318     71.90%     71.90% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255           77      4.20%     76.10% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          131      7.15%     83.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           94      5.13%     88.38% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           90      4.91%     93.29% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           36      1.96%     95.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           16      0.87%     96.13% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           26      1.42%     97.55% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           30      1.64%     99.18% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279           15      0.82%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1833                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores14.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.activeCycles        1144519                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores14.notStalledCycles       125132                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores14.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores14.instPerCycle       1.162343                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores14.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4885                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1867                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.723489                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1720415970                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.223335                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.942661                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    888017754     51.62%     51.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    562522992     32.70%     84.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    151528302      8.81%     93.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5968933      0.35%     93.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      6534817      0.38%     93.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3472470      0.20%     94.05% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3140942      0.18%     94.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      2746538      0.16%     94.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     39727629      2.31%     96.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6270452      0.36%     97.07% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5454493      0.32%     97.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      5651695      0.33%     97.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      6673430      0.39%     98.10% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      4164106      0.24%     98.34% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      4321296      0.25%     98.59% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3266694      0.19%     98.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     12402291      0.72%     99.50% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       823104      0.05%     99.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       134326      0.01%     99.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       134326      0.01%     99.57% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       150045      0.01%     99.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       345818      0.02%     99.60% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       544449      0.03%     99.63% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       571600      0.03%     99.66% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      3368153      0.20%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       255791      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       254362      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       235785      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       188628      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       543020      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       578745      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31        20006      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       402978      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1720415970                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.633681                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            1                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.872954                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.472909                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472367                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1900     52.70%     52.70% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1602     44.44%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   290.471640                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   189.211500                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   421.330424                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1785     91.21%     91.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           89      4.55%     95.76% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           33      1.69%     97.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           20      1.02%     98.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           16      0.82%     99.28% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            5      0.26%     99.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            5      0.26%     99.80% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            2      0.10%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   536.010316                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   232.537852                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   564.428986                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          692     41.99%     41.99% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          322     19.54%     61.53% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          185     11.23%     72.75% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          108      6.55%     79.31% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          136      8.25%     87.56% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535          101      6.13%     93.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           40      2.43%     96.12% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           31      1.88%     98.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303            9      0.55%     98.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           20      1.21%     99.76% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            4      0.24%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3502    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1867                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   176.432780                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    79.392662                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   251.689907                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1321     70.76%     70.76% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255           89      4.77%     75.52% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          110      5.89%     81.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511          131      7.02%     88.43% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639          107      5.73%     94.16% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           35      1.87%     96.04% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           16      0.86%     96.89% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           28      1.50%     98.39% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           15      0.80%     99.20% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279           15      0.80%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1867                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores15.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.activeCycles        1143243                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores15.notStalledCycles       124882                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores15.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores15.instPerCycle       1.163641                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores15.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4885                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1867                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.723489                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1719192746                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.199659                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.872244                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    885652759     51.52%     51.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    566212670     32.93%     84.45% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    151188200      8.79%     93.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      6470512      0.38%     93.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5637405      0.33%     93.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4694265      0.27%     94.22% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3085211      0.18%     94.40% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3861158      0.22%     94.63% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     37385498      2.17%     96.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      7117849      0.41%     97.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      6141842      0.36%     97.57% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      5528801      0.32%     97.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      6346189      0.37%     98.26% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3645379      0.21%     98.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      4068363      0.24%     98.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3112362      0.18%     98.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     10784663      0.63%     99.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       780234      0.05%     99.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       184341      0.01%     99.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       627331      0.04%     99.61% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       205776      0.01%     99.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       258649      0.02%     99.64% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       478715      0.03%     99.67% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23      1010303      0.06%     99.73% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      2229240      0.13%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       242930      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       117178      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       128610      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       152903      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       440132      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       767373      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       564455      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32        71450      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1719192746                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.646700                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            4                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.872954                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.472909                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472367                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1900     52.70%     52.70% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1602     44.44%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   290.220746                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   188.970248                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   437.480726                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1788     91.36%     91.36% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           91      4.65%     96.01% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           30      1.53%     97.55% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           15      0.77%     98.31% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           14      0.72%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            8      0.41%     99.44% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            4      0.20%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            2      0.10%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            4      0.20%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   518.387743                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   228.253668                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   554.608531                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          727     44.11%     44.11% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          309     18.75%     62.86% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          187     11.35%     74.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          110      6.67%     80.89% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          105      6.37%     87.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535          111      6.74%     93.99% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           44      2.67%     96.66% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           21      1.27%     97.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           18      1.09%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           13      0.79%     99.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            3      0.18%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000286                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000264                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016898                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3501     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1867                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   196.405999                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    79.875179                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   304.036200                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1342     71.88%     71.88% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255           98      5.25%     77.13% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383           66      3.54%     80.66% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511          105      5.62%     86.29% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           39      2.09%     88.38% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           60      3.21%     91.59% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           39      2.09%     93.68% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           59      3.16%     96.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           13      0.70%     97.54% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279           30      1.61%     99.14% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407           16      0.86%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1867                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores16.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores16.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores16.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.shared_loads         131840                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.shared_stores         56135                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.param_kernel_loads        33776                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.global_loads          29767                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.global_stores         26368                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores16.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores16.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores16.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores16.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores16.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores16.inst_counts::1       894333                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores16.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores16.inst_counts::3       158105                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores16.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores16.inst_counts::5       277886                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores16.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores16.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores16.activeCycles        1142915                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores16.notStalledCycles       124987                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores16.instInstances       1330324                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores16.instPerCycle       1.163975                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores16.kernels_completed           89                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4948                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1793                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.734016                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1717200720                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.198682                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.887682                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    886987445     51.65%     51.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    564460716     32.87%     84.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    152385702      8.87%     93.40% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5464496      0.32%     93.72% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5996084      0.35%     94.07% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4062647      0.24%     94.30% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4164106      0.24%     94.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4890038      0.28%     94.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     32862713      1.91%     96.74% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      5571671      0.32%     97.07% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      6043241      0.35%     97.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      5178696      0.30%     97.72% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      7027822      0.41%     98.13% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3761128      0.22%     98.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3290987      0.19%     98.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3419597      0.20%     98.74% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     13977049      0.81%     99.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       241501      0.01%     99.57% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       500150      0.03%     99.60% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       237214      0.01%     99.61% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       231498      0.01%     99.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       177196      0.01%     99.63% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       208634      0.01%     99.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       325812      0.02%     99.67% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      4115520      0.24%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       177196      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       151474      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       122894      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       162906      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29        71450      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30        41441      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       354392      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       537304      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1717200720                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.641549                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            1                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.869903                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.469797                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472826                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1911     53.01%     53.01% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1591     44.13%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          103      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3605                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   289.427184                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   188.229437                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   428.259209                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1786     91.26%     91.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           88      4.50%     95.76% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           33      1.69%     97.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           18      0.92%     98.36% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           13      0.66%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           10      0.51%     99.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            4      0.20%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.80% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            3      0.15%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   517.603155                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   203.415108                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   576.522065                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          760     46.12%     46.12% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          278     16.87%     62.99% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          174     10.56%     73.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          113      6.86%     80.40% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           89      5.40%     85.80% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535          129      7.83%     93.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           43      2.61%     96.24% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           19      1.15%     97.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           25      1.52%     98.91% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            9      0.55%     99.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            9      0.55%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000286                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000264                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016898                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3501     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3502                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1793                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   184.831567                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    81.666047                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   269.945564                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1244     69.38%     69.38% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          112      6.25%     75.63% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          109      6.08%     81.71% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           94      5.24%     86.95% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           82      4.57%     91.52% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           58      3.23%     94.76% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           47      2.62%     97.38% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           16      0.89%     98.27% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            0      0.00%     98.27% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            4      0.22%     98.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407           27      1.51%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores16.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1793                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores17.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores17.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores17.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores17.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores17.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores17.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores17.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores17.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores17.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores17.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores17.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores17.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores17.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores17.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores17.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores17.activeCycles        1139629                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores17.notStalledCycles       123852                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores17.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores17.instPerCycle       1.155976                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores17.kernels_completed           88                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4858                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1812                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.728336                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1707877924                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.181193                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.886952                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    876389981     51.31%     51.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    575795544     33.71%     85.03% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    148343061      8.69%     93.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      6299032      0.37%     94.08% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      4954343      0.29%     94.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3911173      0.23%     94.60% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3323854      0.19%     94.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      2729390      0.16%     94.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     32376853      1.90%     96.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6880635      0.40%     97.26% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4347018      0.25%     97.51% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      5072950      0.30%     97.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      5860329      0.34%     98.15% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3768273      0.22%     98.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3233827      0.19%     98.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2903728      0.17%     98.73% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     10738935      0.63%     99.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17      2243530      0.13%     99.49% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       211492      0.01%     99.50% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       190057      0.01%     99.51% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       270081      0.02%     99.53% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       647337      0.04%     99.57% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22      1529030      0.09%     99.66% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       571600      0.03%     99.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      3668243      0.21%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25        82882      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       118607      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       110033      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       108604      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       483002      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30        21435      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31        17148      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       675917      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1707877924                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.631146                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            2                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.868347                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.468213                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.473062                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1898     53.17%     53.17% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1570     43.98%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   293.486068                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   193.074661                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   433.971481                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1765     91.07%     91.07% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           88      4.54%     95.61% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           36      1.86%     97.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           19      0.98%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           19      0.98%     99.43% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            2      0.10%     99.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            3      0.15%     99.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            3      0.15%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            2      0.10%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   503.753676                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   183.722574                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   595.422507                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          820     50.25%     50.25% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          230     14.09%     64.34% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          164     10.05%     74.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          125      7.66%     82.05% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           63      3.86%     85.91% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           71      4.35%     90.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           69      4.23%     94.49% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           52      3.19%     97.67% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           31      1.90%     99.57% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            7      0.43%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3468    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1812                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   190.389625                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    82.857748                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   278.247949                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1247     68.82%     68.82% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          121      6.68%     75.50% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383           97      5.35%     80.85% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           87      4.80%     85.65% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           85      4.69%     90.34% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           82      4.53%     94.87% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           41      2.26%     97.13% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           24      1.32%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            0      0.00%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            0      0.00%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407           25      1.38%     99.83% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            3      0.17%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores17.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1812                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores18.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores18.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores18.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores18.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores18.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores18.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores18.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores18.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores18.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores18.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores18.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores18.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores18.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores18.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores18.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores18.activeCycles        1141314                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores18.notStalledCycles       123953                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores18.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores18.instPerCycle       1.154270                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores18.kernels_completed           88                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4858                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1812                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.728336                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1714465614                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.199626                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     2.928733                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    876491440     51.12%     51.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    583535008     34.04%     85.16% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    142668502      8.32%     93.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5860329      0.34%     93.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5994655      0.35%     94.17% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3276697      0.19%     94.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3852584      0.22%     94.59% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4201260      0.25%     94.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     33984478      1.98%     96.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6060389      0.35%     97.17% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5410194      0.32%     97.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4735706      0.28%     97.76% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      6206147      0.36%     98.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3531059      0.21%     98.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      2992326      0.17%     98.50% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3305277      0.19%     98.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     12560910      0.73%     99.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       817388      0.05%     99.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       397262      0.02%     99.50% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       418697      0.02%     99.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       211492      0.01%     99.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       162906      0.01%     99.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22      1067463      0.06%     99.61% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       240072      0.01%     99.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      4271281      0.25%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       330099      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       140042      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       195773      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       161477      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       647337      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30        61447      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       174338      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       501579      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1714465614                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.640328                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.868347                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.468213                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.473062                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1898     53.17%     53.17% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1570     43.98%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   292.911249                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   193.207526                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   425.603690                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1764     91.02%     91.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           89      4.59%     95.61% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           32      1.65%     97.27% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           25      1.29%     98.56% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           13      0.67%     99.23% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            8      0.41%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            4      0.21%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            0      0.00%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            2      0.10%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   521.324142                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   203.435574                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   603.400040                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          803     49.20%     49.20% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          244     14.95%     64.15% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          147      9.01%     73.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          137      8.39%     81.56% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           76      4.66%     86.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           73      4.47%     90.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           52      3.19%     93.87% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           50      3.06%     96.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           36      2.21%     99.14% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           12      0.74%     99.88% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            2      0.12%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3468    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1812                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   175.157285                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    79.802831                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   263.103812                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1269     70.03%     70.03% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          126      6.95%     76.99% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          127      7.01%     84.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           61      3.37%     87.36% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639          107      5.91%     93.27% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           52      2.87%     96.14% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           30      1.66%     97.79% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           12      0.66%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            0      0.00%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            0      0.00%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535           28      1.55%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores18.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1812                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores19.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores19.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores19.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores19.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores19.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores19.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores19.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores19.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores19.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores19.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores19.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores19.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores19.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores19.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores19.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores19.activeCycles        1146429                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores19.notStalledCycles       123577                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores19.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores19.instPerCycle       1.149120                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores19.kernels_completed           88                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4864                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1817                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.728035                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1724252835                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.231835                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.030934                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    875043863     50.75%     50.75% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    582997704     33.81%     84.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    149551995      8.67%     93.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      6650566      0.39%     93.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      6680575      0.39%     94.01% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      5580245      0.32%     94.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4455622      0.26%     94.59% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      5038654      0.29%     94.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     32289684      1.87%     96.75% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      7066405      0.41%     97.16% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5188699      0.30%     97.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4049786      0.23%     97.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      4960059      0.29%     97.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3875448      0.22%     98.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3495334      0.20%     98.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2860858      0.17%     98.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     13739835      0.80%     99.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       201489      0.01%     99.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       171480      0.01%     99.40% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       138613      0.01%     99.41% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       378685      0.02%     99.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       390117      0.02%     99.45% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22      1191786      0.07%     99.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       481573      0.03%     99.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      4727132      0.27%     99.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       198631      0.01%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       194344      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       171480      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       205776      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29      1056031      0.06%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30        87169      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       192915      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       940282      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1724252835                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.652547                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   298.894221                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   195.504959                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   449.383926                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1758     90.71%     90.71% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           97      5.01%     95.72% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           25      1.29%     97.01% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           26      1.34%     98.35% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           16      0.83%     99.17% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            7      0.36%     99.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            2      0.10%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            3      0.15%     99.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            2      0.10%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   543.066789                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   222.069799                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   610.894077                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          779     47.73%     47.73% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          236     14.46%     62.19% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          172     10.54%     72.73% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          122      7.48%     80.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           90      5.51%     85.72% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           62      3.80%     89.52% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           59      3.62%     93.14% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           60      3.68%     96.81% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           39      2.39%     99.20% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           12      0.74%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            1      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1817                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   197.566318                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    81.580004                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   304.794065                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1278     70.34%     70.34% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          119      6.55%     76.88% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383           64      3.52%     80.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           96      5.28%     85.69% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           83      4.57%     90.26% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           27      1.49%     91.74% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           79      4.35%     96.09% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           14      0.77%     96.86% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           29      1.60%     98.46% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            0      0.00%     98.46% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%     98.46% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535           14      0.77%     99.23% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663           14      0.77%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores19.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1817                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores20.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores20.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores20.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores20.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores20.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores20.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores20.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores20.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores20.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores20.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores20.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores20.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores20.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores20.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores20.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores20.activeCycles        1148201                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores20.notStalledCycles       123624                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores20.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores20.instPerCycle       1.147346                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores20.kernels_completed           88                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4864                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1817                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.728035                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1733346991                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.270606                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.093880                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    875894118     50.53%     50.53% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    582461829     33.60%     84.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    153698953      8.87%     93.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      6521956      0.38%     93.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      6927792      0.40%     93.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4089798      0.24%     94.01% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3795424      0.22%     94.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3416739      0.20%     94.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     35769299      2.06%     96.49% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6406207      0.37%     96.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      6956372      0.40%     97.26% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4668543      0.27%     97.53% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      5703139      0.33%     97.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3469612      0.20%     98.06% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      4248417      0.25%     98.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2557910      0.15%     98.46% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     15128823      0.87%     99.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       185770      0.01%     99.34% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       297232      0.02%     99.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       281513      0.02%     99.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       915989      0.05%     99.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       251504      0.01%     99.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22      1637634      0.09%     99.53% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       281513      0.02%     99.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      4942911      0.29%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       270081      0.02%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       225782      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       207205      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       210063      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       943140      0.05%     99.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       704497      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       100030      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       177196      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1733346991                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.666062                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            1                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   299.896285                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   194.531618                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   460.936246                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1764     91.02%     91.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           92      4.75%     95.77% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           26      1.34%     97.11% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           24      1.24%     98.35% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           13      0.67%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            7      0.36%     99.38% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            4      0.21%     99.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            3      0.15%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            4      0.21%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   575.496324                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   240.430866                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   636.111467                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          735     45.04%     45.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          265     16.24%     61.27% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          152      9.31%     70.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          128      7.84%     78.43% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          101      6.19%     84.62% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           82      5.02%     89.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           52      3.19%     92.83% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           41      2.51%     95.34% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           46      2.82%     98.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           19      1.16%     99.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815           11      0.67%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1817                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   204.976335                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    82.934017                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   321.259071                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1282     70.56%     70.56% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255           99      5.45%     76.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          105      5.78%     81.78% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           42      2.31%     84.09% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           66      3.63%     87.73% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           88      4.84%     92.57% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           44      2.42%     94.99% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           32      1.76%     96.75% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           14      0.77%     97.52% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279           16      0.88%     98.40% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            1      0.06%     98.46% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%     98.46% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663           28      1.54%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores20.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1817                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores21.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores21.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores21.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores21.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores21.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores21.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores21.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores21.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores21.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores21.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores21.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores21.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores21.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores21.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores21.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores21.activeCycles        1133082                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores21.notStalledCycles       123546                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores21.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores21.instPerCycle       1.162655                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores21.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4838                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1854                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.722953                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1706456069                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.264870                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.115665                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    864726483     50.67%     50.67% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    571157010     33.47%     84.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    153441733      8.99%     93.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5628831      0.33%     93.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5641692      0.33%     93.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3834007      0.22%     94.02% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4428471      0.26%     94.28% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3562497      0.21%     94.49% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     37535543      2.20%     96.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      5768873      0.34%     97.03% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4174109      0.24%     97.27% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4617099      0.27%     97.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      6171851      0.36%     97.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3902599      0.23%     98.13% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3361008      0.20%     98.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2527901      0.15%     98.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     15005929      0.88%     99.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       168622      0.01%     99.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       172909      0.01%     99.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       200060      0.01%     99.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       458709      0.03%     99.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       420126      0.02%     99.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       557310      0.03%     99.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       170051      0.01%     99.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      4977207      0.29%     99.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       467283      0.03%     99.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       434416      0.03%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       252933      0.01%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       425842      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       410123      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       264365      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       175767      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1414710      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1706456069                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.664689                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.874510                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.474498                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472136                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1876     52.55%     52.55% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1592     44.59%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   297.315273                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   196.026732                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   440.797662                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1760     90.82%     90.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           99      5.11%     95.92% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           22      1.14%     97.06% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           25      1.29%     98.35% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           14      0.72%     99.07% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           10      0.52%     99.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            3      0.15%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            0      0.00%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            3      0.15%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   559.713235                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   225.951449                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   615.970165                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          758     46.45%     46.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          265     16.24%     62.68% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          146      8.95%     71.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          103      6.31%     77.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           82      5.02%     82.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535          118      7.23%     90.20% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           65      3.98%     94.18% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           44      2.70%     96.88% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           42      2.57%     99.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            9      0.55%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1854                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   195.735167                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    83.141070                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   303.722454                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1274     68.72%     68.72% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          142      7.66%     76.38% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          118      6.36%     82.74% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           44      2.37%     85.11% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           82      4.42%     89.54% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767          112      6.04%     95.58% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           17      0.92%     96.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           25      1.35%     97.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            4      0.22%     98.06% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            8      0.43%     98.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%     98.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%     98.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            5      0.27%     98.76% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791           23      1.24%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores21.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1854                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores22.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores22.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores22.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores22.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores22.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores22.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores22.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores22.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores22.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores22.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores22.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores22.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores22.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores22.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores22.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores22.activeCycles        1138512                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores22.notStalledCycles       123458                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores22.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores22.instPerCycle       1.157110                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores22.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4829                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1852                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.722796                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1712770820                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.253190                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.096912                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    866166915     50.57%     50.57% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    576595784     33.66%     84.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    154333429      9.01%     93.25% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4349876      0.25%     93.50% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      7652295      0.45%     93.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3442461      0.20%     94.15% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3736835      0.22%     94.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3193815      0.19%     94.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     37821343      2.21%     96.76% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6559110      0.38%     97.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4985781      0.29%     97.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4314151      0.25%     97.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      5567384      0.33%     98.01% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3872590      0.23%     98.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3446748      0.20%     98.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2362137      0.14%     98.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     12922447      0.75%     99.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       195773      0.01%     99.34% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       168622      0.01%     99.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       138613      0.01%     99.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       164335      0.01%     99.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       142900      0.01%     99.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22      1373269      0.08%     99.46% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       144329      0.01%     99.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      5214421      0.30%     99.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       162906      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       222924      0.01%     99.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       197202      0.01%     99.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       744509      0.04%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       947427      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       245788      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       158619      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1226082      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1712770820                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.666602                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            2                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   300.195562                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   199.654300                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   421.313001                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1749     90.25%     90.25% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          105      5.42%     95.67% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           34      1.75%     97.42% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           22      1.14%     98.56% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           13      0.67%     99.23% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           11      0.57%     99.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            1      0.05%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            0      0.00%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   551.140319                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   217.107766                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   634.529880                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          788     48.28%     48.28% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          252     15.44%     63.73% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          165     10.11%     73.84% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023           89      5.45%     79.29% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           74      4.53%     83.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535          103      6.31%     90.13% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           49      3.00%     93.14% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           34      2.08%     95.22% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           46      2.82%     98.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           23      1.41%     99.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            9      0.55%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1852                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   178.694384                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    77.977963                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   296.433379                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1325     71.54%     71.54% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          147      7.94%     79.48% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          106      5.72%     85.21% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           66      3.56%     88.77% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           39      2.11%     90.87% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           98      5.29%     96.17% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           10      0.54%     96.71% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           17      0.92%     97.62% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           16      0.86%     98.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            0      0.00%     98.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%     98.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%     98.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%     98.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791           26      1.40%     99.89% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            2      0.11%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores22.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1852                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores23.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores23.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores23.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores23.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores23.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores23.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores23.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores23.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores23.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores23.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores23.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores23.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores23.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores23.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores23.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores23.activeCycles        1141467                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores23.notStalledCycles       123445                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores23.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores23.instPerCycle       1.154115                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores23.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4829                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1852                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.722796                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1728902801                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.320236                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.285017                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    867128632     50.15%     50.15% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    582956263     33.72%     83.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    155583804      9.00%     92.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5831749      0.34%     93.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5807456      0.34%     93.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4045499      0.23%     93.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3905457      0.23%     94.01% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4032638      0.23%     94.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     38251472      2.21%     96.45% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      5994655      0.35%     96.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5564526      0.32%     97.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4435616      0.26%     97.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      5094385      0.29%     97.67% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      4547078      0.26%     97.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      2649366      0.15%     98.09% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3098072      0.18%     98.27% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     15431771      0.89%     99.16% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       838823      0.05%     99.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       478715      0.03%     99.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       232927      0.01%     99.25% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       465854      0.03%     99.28% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       178625      0.01%     99.29% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22      1400420      0.08%     99.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       927421      0.05%     99.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      4491347      0.26%     99.68% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       514440      0.03%     99.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       705926      0.04%     99.75% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       372969      0.02%     99.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       488718      0.03%     99.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       838823      0.05%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30      1083182      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       224353      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1301819      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1728902801                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.698261                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            2                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   301.608359                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   197.617748                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   439.600733                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1757     90.66%     90.66% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023           96      4.95%     95.61% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           28      1.44%     97.06% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           25      1.29%     98.35% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           13      0.67%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           13      0.67%     99.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            2      0.10%     99.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   607.834559                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   242.161273                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   665.708710                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          712     43.63%     43.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          253     15.50%     59.13% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          169     10.36%     69.49% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          128      7.84%     77.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           76      4.66%     81.99% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           64      3.92%     85.91% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           92      5.64%     91.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           65      3.98%     95.53% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           44      2.70%     98.22% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           15      0.92%     99.14% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815           14      0.86%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000577                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000533                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.024011                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3466     99.94%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            2      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1852                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   215.839633                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    82.165824                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   426.318775                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-511         1588     85.75%     85.75% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-1023          217     11.72%     97.46% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1535           19      1.03%     98.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-2047           17      0.92%     99.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2559            0      0.00%     99.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-3071            0      0.00%     99.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3583            0      0.00%     99.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-4095            0      0.00%     99.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4096-4607           11      0.59%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores23.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1852                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores24.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores24.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores24.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores24.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores24.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores24.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores24.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores24.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores24.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores24.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores24.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores24.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores24.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores24.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores24.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores24.activeCycles        1140812                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores24.notStalledCycles       123409                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores24.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores24.instPerCycle       1.154777                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores24.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4816                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1865                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.720850                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1730188901                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.335181                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.261665                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    864443541     49.96%     49.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    582328932     33.66%     83.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    155776719      9.00%     92.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5145829      0.30%     92.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      6180425      0.36%     93.28% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4831449      0.28%     93.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4582803      0.26%     93.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4158390      0.24%     94.06% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     39724771      2.30%     96.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6597693      0.38%     96.74% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5353034      0.31%     97.05% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4186970      0.24%     97.29% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      5844610      0.34%     97.63% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3589648      0.21%     97.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      4399891      0.25%     98.09% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2490747      0.14%     98.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     17682446      1.02%     99.26% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       300090      0.02%     99.27% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       251504      0.01%     99.29% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       364395      0.02%     99.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       277226      0.02%     99.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       427271      0.02%     99.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22      1117478      0.06%     99.41% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       795953      0.05%     99.46% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      5565955      0.32%     99.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       225782      0.01%     99.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       347247      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       211492      0.01%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       347247      0.02%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       507295      0.03%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       271510      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       177196      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1683362      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1730188901                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.693187                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            1                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   301.733746                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   198.661543                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   418.974125                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1743     89.94%     89.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          112      5.78%     95.72% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           28      1.44%     97.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           23      1.19%     98.35% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           11      0.57%     98.92% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           15      0.77%     99.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            2      0.10%     99.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            2      0.10%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            2      0.10%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   619.501838                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   264.550730                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   657.397290                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          677     41.48%     41.48% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          258     15.81%     57.29% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          212     12.99%     70.28% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          123      7.54%     77.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           71      4.35%     82.17% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           89      5.45%     87.62% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           78      4.78%     92.40% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           43      2.63%     95.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           41      2.51%     97.55% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           17      1.04%     98.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815           21      1.29%     99.88% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            2      0.12%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1865                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   201.902413                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    83.146047                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   324.244535                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1298     69.60%     69.60% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255           87      4.66%     74.26% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          130      6.97%     81.23% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511          105      5.63%     86.86% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           49      2.63%     89.49% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           55      2.95%     92.44% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           70      3.75%     96.19% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           25      1.34%     97.53% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            4      0.21%     97.75% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279           16      0.86%     98.61% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%     98.61% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%     98.61% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%     98.61% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%     98.61% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919           26      1.39%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores24.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1865                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores25.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores25.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores25.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores25.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores25.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores25.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores25.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores25.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores25.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores25.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores25.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores25.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores25.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores25.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores25.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores25.activeCycles        1144337                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores25.notStalledCycles       123325                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores25.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores25.instPerCycle       1.151220                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores25.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4816                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1865                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.720850                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1736956645                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.346747                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.279496                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    864922256     49.80%     49.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    585507028     33.71%     83.50% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    157277169      9.05%     92.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4831449      0.28%     92.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      7216450      0.42%     93.25% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3698252      0.21%     93.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4971491      0.29%     93.75% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4292716      0.25%     94.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     40156329      2.31%     96.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      5527372      0.32%     96.63% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5141542      0.30%     96.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      3922605      0.23%     97.15% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      7050686      0.41%     97.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3682533      0.21%     97.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3576787      0.21%     97.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3055202      0.18%     98.15% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     20041725      1.15%     99.30% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       571600      0.03%     99.34% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       312951      0.02%     99.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       235785      0.01%     99.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       560168      0.03%     99.40% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       274368      0.02%     99.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       395833      0.02%     99.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       248646      0.01%     99.45% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      5840323      0.34%     99.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       278655      0.02%     99.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       205776      0.01%     99.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       207205      0.01%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       101459      0.01%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29        87169      0.01%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30        92885      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       130039      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      2542191      0.15%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1736956645                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.707288                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   304.677503                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   200.249400                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   431.363359                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1733     89.42%     89.42% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          121      6.24%     95.67% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           33      1.70%     97.37% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           20      1.03%     98.40% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           13      0.67%     99.07% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            9      0.46%     99.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            4      0.21%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            2      0.10%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            2      0.10%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   628.495711                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   265.149487                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   649.114521                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          658     40.32%     40.32% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          258     15.81%     56.13% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          208     12.75%     68.87% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          121      7.41%     76.29% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           91      5.58%     81.86% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           93      5.70%     87.56% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           80      4.90%     92.46% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           54      3.31%     95.77% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           38      2.33%     98.10% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           15      0.92%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815           16      0.98%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3468    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1865                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   217.709383                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    88.482044                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   330.695910                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1243     66.65%     66.65% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          166      8.90%     75.55% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383           66      3.54%     79.09% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           86      4.61%     83.70% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           80      4.29%     87.99% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           61      3.27%     91.26% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           61      3.27%     94.53% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           28      1.50%     96.03% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           41      2.20%     98.23% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279           15      0.80%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%     99.03% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919           10      0.54%     99.57% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047            8      0.43%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores25.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1865                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores26.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores26.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores26.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores26.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores26.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores26.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores26.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores26.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores26.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores26.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores26.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores26.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores26.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores26.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores26.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores26.activeCycles        1139383                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores26.notStalledCycles       123404                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores26.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores26.instPerCycle       1.156226                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores26.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4805                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1865                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.720390                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1715491636                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.227926                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.006735                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    865102310     50.43%     50.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    588116382     34.28%     84.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    149387660      8.71%     93.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5814601      0.34%     93.76% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      6621986      0.39%     94.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3142371      0.18%     94.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3742551      0.22%     94.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4099801      0.24%     94.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     35643547      2.08%     96.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      4844310      0.28%     97.15% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4830020      0.28%     97.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      3543920      0.21%     97.63% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      5265865      0.31%     97.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3139513      0.18%     98.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      4734277      0.28%     98.40% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2707955      0.16%     98.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     14532930      0.85%     99.40% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       257220      0.01%     99.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       365824      0.02%     99.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       251504      0.01%     99.46% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       381543      0.02%     99.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       418697      0.02%     99.50% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       853113      0.05%     99.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       211492      0.01%     99.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      4655682      0.27%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       194344      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       224353      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       125752      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       235785      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29      1154632      0.07%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       164335      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       561597      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       165764      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1715491636                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.640964                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.868347                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.468213                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.473062                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1898     53.17%     53.17% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1570     43.98%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   298.707946                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   199.713264                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   407.801872                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1742     89.89%     89.89% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          116      5.99%     95.87% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           31      1.60%     97.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           20      1.03%     98.50% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           16      0.83%     99.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            7      0.36%     99.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            2      0.10%     99.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            3      0.15%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   535.783701                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   205.621635                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   592.043669                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          786     48.16%     48.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          203     12.44%     60.60% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          188     11.52%     72.12% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023           95      5.82%     77.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          120      7.35%     85.29% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           86      5.27%     90.56% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           97      5.94%     96.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           27      1.65%     98.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           16      0.98%     99.14% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           11      0.67%     99.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            3      0.18%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000577                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000533                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.024011                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3466     99.94%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            2      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1865                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   200.056300                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    84.983736                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   306.550804                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1254     67.24%     67.24% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          177      9.49%     76.73% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383           91      4.88%     81.61% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           89      4.77%     86.38% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           47      2.52%     88.90% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           46      2.47%     91.37% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           91      4.88%     96.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           26      1.39%     97.64% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           30      1.61%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047           14      0.75%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores26.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1865                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores27.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores27.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores27.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores27.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores27.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores27.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores27.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores27.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores27.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores27.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores27.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores27.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores27.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores27.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores27.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores27.activeCycles        1143216                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores27.notStalledCycles       123480                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores27.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores27.instPerCycle       1.152349                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores27.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4808                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1873                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.719653                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1723912733                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.266625                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.257450                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    864742202     50.16%     50.16% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    599915635     34.80%     84.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    145322155      8.43%     93.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      7323625      0.42%     93.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      4791437      0.28%     94.09% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      5071521      0.29%     94.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3865445      0.22%     94.61% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4295574      0.25%     94.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     33458606      1.94%     96.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      5833178      0.34%     97.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4334157      0.25%     97.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      3931179      0.23%     97.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      4524214      0.26%     97.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      2725103      0.16%     98.04% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      2306406      0.13%     98.17% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2110633      0.12%     98.30% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     14575800      0.85%     99.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       241501      0.01%     99.16% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       208634      0.01%     99.17% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       230069      0.01%     99.18% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       398691      0.02%     99.20% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       231498      0.01%     99.22% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       234356      0.01%     99.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       322954      0.02%     99.25% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      7376498      0.43%     99.68% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       358679      0.02%     99.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26      1158919      0.07%     99.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       201489      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       122894      0.01%     99.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       124323      0.01%     99.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       493005      0.03%     99.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31        94314      0.01%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      2988039      0.17%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1723912733                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.657965                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   299.913829                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   201.118186                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   403.917253                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1740     89.78%     89.78% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          117      6.04%     95.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           26      1.34%     97.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           26      1.34%     98.50% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           15      0.77%     99.28% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            7      0.36%     99.64% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            4      0.21%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            2      0.10%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   567.393382                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   208.592818                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   671.612805                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          792     48.53%     48.53% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          197     12.07%     60.60% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          166     10.17%     70.77% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023           99      6.07%     76.84% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          120      7.35%     84.19% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           99      6.07%     90.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           86      5.27%     95.53% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           17      1.04%     96.57% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           16      0.98%     97.55% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            8      0.49%     98.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815           13      0.80%     98.84% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            3      0.18%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            4      0.25%     99.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583           11      0.67%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            1      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3468    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1873                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   204.796049                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    81.962487                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   326.979692                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1321     70.53%     70.53% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255          101      5.39%     75.92% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383          119      6.35%     82.27% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511           63      3.36%     85.64% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           28      1.49%     87.13% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           59      3.15%     90.28% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           63      3.36%     93.65% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           71      3.79%     97.44% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151           18      0.96%     98.40% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            8      0.43%     98.83% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407            8      0.43%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047           14      0.75%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores27.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1873                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores28.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores28.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores28.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores28.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores28.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores28.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores28.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores28.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores28.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores28.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores28.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores28.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores28.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores28.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores28.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores28.activeCycles        1142091                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores28.notStalledCycles       123269                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores28.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores28.instPerCycle       1.153484                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores28.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4808                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1873                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.719653                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1728351207                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.307317                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.253826                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    864041992     49.99%     49.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    595698656     34.47%     84.46% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    146991227      8.50%     92.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4764286      0.28%     93.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5580245      0.32%     93.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      5797453      0.34%     93.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4619957      0.27%     94.16% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3603938      0.21%     94.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     37652721      2.18%     96.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6056102      0.35%     96.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4184112      0.24%     97.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      3768273      0.22%     97.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      5273010      0.31%     97.67% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      2938024      0.17%     97.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3056631      0.18%     98.01% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2580774      0.15%     98.16% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     17849639      1.03%     99.20% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       330099      0.02%     99.22% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       318667      0.02%     99.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       225782      0.01%     99.25% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       431558      0.02%     99.27% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       251504      0.01%     99.29% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       392975      0.02%     99.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       345818      0.02%     99.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      8252475      0.48%     99.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       245788      0.01%     99.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       302948      0.02%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       242930      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       337244      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       245788      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       272939      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       187199      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1510453      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1728351207                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.672104                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   299.773478                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   200.155045                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   405.795643                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1735     89.53%     89.53% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          119      6.14%     95.67% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           30      1.55%     97.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           25      1.29%     98.50% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           15      0.77%     99.28% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            8      0.41%     99.69% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            3      0.15%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            2      0.10%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   600.127451                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   234.253051                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   649.075788                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          734     44.98%     44.98% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          218     13.36%     58.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          162      9.93%     68.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          112      6.86%     75.12% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          102      6.25%     81.37% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535          108      6.62%     87.99% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           99      6.07%     94.06% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           41      2.51%     96.57% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           21      1.29%     97.86% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           27      1.65%     99.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            8      0.49%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1873                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   204.846770                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    83.474041                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   321.128651                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-127         1316     70.26%     70.26% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::128-255           94      5.02%     75.28% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-383           74      3.95%     79.23% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::384-511          127      6.78%     86.01% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-639           44      2.35%     88.36% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::640-767           43      2.30%     90.66% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-895           99      5.29%     95.94% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::896-1023           44      2.35%     98.29% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1151            2      0.11%     98.40% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1152-1279            0      0.00%     98.40% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1407           16      0.85%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1408-1535            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1663            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1664-1791            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-1919            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1920-2047           14      0.75%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores28.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1873                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores29.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores29.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores29.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores29.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores29.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores29.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores29.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores29.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores29.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores29.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores29.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores29.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores29.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores29.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores29.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores29.activeCycles        1142597                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores29.notStalledCycles       123550                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores29.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores29.instPerCycle       1.152973                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores29.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4803                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1878                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.718904                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1731386403                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.384904                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.476356                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    864883673     49.95%     49.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    591450239     34.16%     84.11% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    147062677      8.49%     92.61% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5873190      0.34%     92.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      4928621      0.28%     93.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3220966      0.19%     93.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4628531      0.27%     93.68% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3458180      0.20%     93.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     35682130      2.06%     95.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      7509395      0.43%     96.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      7397933      0.43%     96.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      3658240      0.21%     97.02% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      4314151      0.25%     97.27% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3771131      0.22%     97.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3373869      0.19%     97.68% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2929450      0.17%     97.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     19430113      1.12%     98.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       411552      0.02%     98.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       292945      0.02%     99.01% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       311522      0.02%     99.03% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       930279      0.05%     99.08% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       315809      0.02%     99.10% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       302948      0.02%     99.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       375827      0.02%     99.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24     10245930      0.59%     99.73% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       870261      0.05%     99.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       727361      0.04%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       483002      0.03%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       372969      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       274368      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       277226      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       267223      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1354692      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1731386403                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.687009                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   300.318369                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   201.584733                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   402.505684                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1738     89.68%     89.68% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          117      6.04%     95.72% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           28      1.44%     97.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           21      1.08%     98.25% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           21      1.08%     99.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            9      0.46%     99.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            2      0.10%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   658.781863                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   260.413402                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   691.685573                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          677     41.48%     41.48% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          234     14.34%     55.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          151      9.25%     65.07% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          113      6.92%     72.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          128      7.84%     79.84% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           82      5.02%     84.87% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791          103      6.31%     91.18% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           78      4.78%     95.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           28      1.72%     97.67% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           27      1.65%     99.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            3      0.18%     99.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            2      0.12%     99.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            6      0.37%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000577                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000533                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.024011                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3466     99.94%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            2      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1878                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   203.559638                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    82.543826                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   313.883461                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-255         1410     75.08%     75.08% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-511          131      6.98%     82.06% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-767          189     10.06%     92.12% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-1023          133      7.08%     99.20% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1279            1      0.05%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1535            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1791            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-2047            4      0.21%     99.47% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2303           10      0.53%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2304-2559            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores29.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1878                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores30.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores30.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores30.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores30.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores30.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores30.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores30.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores30.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores30.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores30.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores30.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores30.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores30.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores30.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores30.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores30.activeCycles        1148257                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores30.notStalledCycles       123720                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores30.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores30.instPerCycle       1.147290                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores30.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4803                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1878                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.718904                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1740150460                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.373168                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.531023                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    866311244     49.78%     49.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    601168868     34.55%     84.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    147722875      8.49%     92.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4958630      0.28%     93.10% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5740293      0.33%     93.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4804298      0.28%     93.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4417039      0.25%     93.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      5335886      0.31%     94.27% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     34220263      1.97%     96.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      7858071      0.45%     96.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      6034667      0.35%     97.04% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      3109504      0.18%     97.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      3691107      0.21%     97.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      2597922      0.15%     97.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      2263536      0.13%     97.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2129210      0.12%     97.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     17992539      1.03%     98.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       325812      0.02%     98.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       222924      0.01%     98.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       298661      0.02%     98.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       770231      0.04%     98.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       264365      0.02%     98.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       257220      0.01%     98.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       247217      0.01%     99.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24     11396275      0.65%     99.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       587319      0.03%     99.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       703068      0.04%     99.73% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       435845      0.03%     99.75% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       430129      0.02%     99.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       337244      0.02%     99.80% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       567313      0.03%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       457280      0.03%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      2493605      0.14%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1740150460                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.697077                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   302.771414                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   200.891009                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   406.248419                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1728     89.16%     89.16% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          119      6.14%     95.30% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           40      2.06%     97.37% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           21      1.08%     98.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           16      0.83%     99.28% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            9      0.46%     99.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            3      0.15%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   652.318015                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   260.251775                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   704.085788                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          698     42.77%     42.77% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          231     14.15%     56.92% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          146      8.95%     65.87% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          130      7.97%     73.84% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           75      4.60%     78.43% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535          127      7.78%     86.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           82      5.02%     91.24% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           73      4.47%     95.71% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           24      1.47%     97.18% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           30      1.84%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            0      0.00%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            3      0.18%     99.20% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            6      0.37%     99.57% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            7      0.43%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3468    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1878                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   201.431842                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    83.354051                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   312.572812                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-255         1403     74.71%     74.71% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-511          186      9.90%     84.61% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-767          166      8.84%     93.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-1023           86      4.58%     98.03% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1279           23      1.22%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1535            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1791            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-2047            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2303           14      0.75%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2304-2559            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores30.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1878                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores31.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores31.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores31.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores31.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores31.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores31.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores31.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores31.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores31.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores31.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores31.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores31.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores31.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores31.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores31.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores31.activeCycles        1149731                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores31.notStalledCycles       123801                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores31.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores31.instPerCycle       1.145819                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores31.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4794                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1876                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.718741                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1749651881                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.408284                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.441043                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    868666236     49.65%     49.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    585545611     33.47%     83.11% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    159051987      9.09%     92.20% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      6571971      0.38%     92.58% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5687420      0.33%     92.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3658240      0.21%     93.11% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3552494      0.20%     93.32% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3335286      0.19%     93.51% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     43191525      2.47%     95.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      7557981      0.43%     96.41% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5408765      0.31%     96.72% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4688549      0.27%     96.99% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      5241572      0.30%     97.29% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      4657111      0.27%     97.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3303848      0.19%     97.74% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3336715      0.19%     97.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     20300374      1.16%     99.09% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       421555      0.02%     99.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       318667      0.02%     99.13% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       351534      0.02%     99.15% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       621615      0.04%     99.19% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       290087      0.02%     99.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       298661      0.02%     99.22% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       315809      0.02%     99.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      9361379      0.54%     99.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       511582      0.03%     99.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       455851      0.03%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       250075      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       397262      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       222924      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       330099      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       297232      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1451864      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1749651881                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.724972                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.868347                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.468213                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.473062                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1898     53.17%     53.17% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1570     43.98%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   307.781734                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   200.499236                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   442.461648                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1735     89.53%     89.53% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          116      5.99%     95.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           30      1.55%     97.06% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           23      1.19%     98.25% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           12      0.62%     98.86% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           14      0.72%     99.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            4      0.21%     99.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            2      0.10%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   678.308211                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   318.441341                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   648.243734                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          552     33.82%     33.82% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          312     19.12%     52.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          180     11.03%     63.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          155      9.50%     73.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          126      7.72%     81.19% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           97      5.94%     87.13% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           77      4.72%     91.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           59      3.62%     95.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           50      3.06%     98.53% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           14      0.86%     99.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            8      0.49%     99.88% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            2      0.12%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3468    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1876                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   248.183902                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    90.367320                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   451.421382                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-511         1540     82.09%     82.09% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-1023          287     15.30%     97.39% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1535           21      1.12%     98.51% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-2047           14      0.75%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2559            3      0.16%     99.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-3071            0      0.00%     99.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3583            0      0.00%     99.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-4095            0      0.00%     99.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4096-4607           11      0.59%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores31.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1876                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores32.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores32.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores32.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores32.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores32.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores32.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores32.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores32.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores32.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores32.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores32.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores32.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores32.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores32.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores32.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores32.activeCycles        1148467                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores32.notStalledCycles       124010                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores32.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores32.instPerCycle       1.147080                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores32.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4811                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1870                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.720102                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1745089084                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.388582                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.407395                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    869959481     49.85%     49.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    583264927     33.42%     83.28% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    156635548      8.98%     92.25% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4116949      0.24%     92.49% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      8372511      0.48%     92.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3814001      0.22%     93.19% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3298132      0.19%     93.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4808585      0.28%     93.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     42388427      2.43%     96.08% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6166135      0.35%     96.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5937495      0.34%     96.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      6221866      0.36%     97.13% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      8566855      0.49%     97.62% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3732548      0.21%     97.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3583932      0.21%     98.04% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3469612      0.20%     98.24% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     15317451      0.88%     99.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       458709      0.03%     99.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       640192      0.04%     99.18% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       305806      0.02%     99.20% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       557310      0.03%     99.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       351534      0.02%     99.25% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       314380      0.02%     99.27% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       374398      0.02%     99.29% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      7112133      0.41%     99.70% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       302948      0.02%     99.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       861687      0.05%     99.76% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       523014      0.03%     99.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       295803      0.02%     99.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       315809      0.02%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       255791      0.01%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       314380      0.02%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      2450735      0.14%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1745089084                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.713014                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            2                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   305.408669                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   200.207987                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   432.539918                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1744     89.99%     89.99% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          100      5.16%     95.15% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           44      2.27%     97.42% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           15      0.77%     98.19% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           14      0.72%     98.92% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           13      0.67%     99.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            4      0.21%     99.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            3      0.15%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   663.628064                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   321.780057                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   671.729609                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          582     35.66%     35.66% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          310     19.00%     54.66% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          195     11.95%     66.61% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          149      9.13%     75.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          123      7.54%     83.27% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           85      5.21%     88.48% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           73      4.47%     92.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           34      2.08%     95.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           36      2.21%     97.24% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           13      0.80%     98.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815           15      0.92%     98.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            1      0.06%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            8      0.49%     99.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            8      0.49%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3468    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1870                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   253.336898                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    96.246649                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   381.810299                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-511         1481     79.20%     79.20% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-1023          354     18.93%     98.13% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1535           21      1.12%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-2047            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2559           11      0.59%     99.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-3071            0      0.00%     99.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3583            0      0.00%     99.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-4095            0      0.00%     99.84% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4096-4607            3      0.16%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4608-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores32.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1870                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores33.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores33.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores33.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores33.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores33.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores33.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores33.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores33.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores33.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores33.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores33.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores33.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores33.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores33.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores33.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores33.activeCycles        1144359                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores33.notStalledCycles       123915                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores33.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores33.instPerCycle       1.151198                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores33.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4811                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1870                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.720102                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1730024566                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.293757                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.096033                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    866688500     50.10%     50.10% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    585587052     33.85%     83.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    153285972      8.86%     92.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4725703      0.27%     93.08% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      6320467      0.37%     93.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4329870      0.25%     93.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4427042      0.26%     93.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3854013      0.22%     94.17% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     40869400      2.36%     96.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      5917489      0.34%     96.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4455622      0.26%     97.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4161248      0.24%     97.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      4631389      0.27%     97.64% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      5543091      0.32%     97.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      4182683      0.24%     98.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2632218      0.15%     98.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     18388372      1.06%     99.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       274368      0.02%     99.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       334386      0.02%     99.46% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       350105      0.02%     99.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       408694      0.02%     99.50% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       464425      0.03%     99.53% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       430129      0.02%     99.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       913131      0.05%     99.60% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      4698552      0.27%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       341531      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       275797      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       160048      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       150045      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       150045      0.01%     99.94% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       177196      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31        72879      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       823104      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1730024566                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.676296                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   303.144479                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   199.801000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   425.909665                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1745     90.04%     90.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          103      5.31%     95.36% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           38      1.96%     97.32% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           17      0.88%     98.19% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           16      0.83%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            9      0.46%     99.48% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            7      0.36%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            2      0.10%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   587.003064                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   278.902328                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   597.392667                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          657     40.26%     40.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          292     17.89%     58.15% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          222     13.60%     71.75% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          113      6.92%     78.68% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          132      8.09%     86.76% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           83      5.09%     91.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           44      2.70%     94.55% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           30      1.84%     96.38% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           41      2.51%     98.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559            2      0.12%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            3      0.18%     99.20% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071           13      0.80%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1870                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   243.116578                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    94.598079                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   349.409953                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-255         1322     70.70%     70.70% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-511          155      8.29%     78.98% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-767          170      9.09%     88.07% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-1023          207     11.07%     99.14% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1279            2      0.11%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1535            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1791            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-2047            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2303           14      0.75%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2304-2559            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores33.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1870                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores34.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores34.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores34.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores34.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores34.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores34.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores34.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores34.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores34.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores34.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores34.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores34.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores34.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores34.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores34.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores34.activeCycles        1147652                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores34.notStalledCycles       123811                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores34.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores34.instPerCycle       1.147895                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores34.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4808                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1873                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.719653                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1739697467                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.359010                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.271553                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    867197224     49.85%     49.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    582538995     33.49%     83.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    158911945      9.13%     92.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5230140      0.30%     92.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5445919      0.31%     93.08% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3974049      0.23%     93.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3649666      0.21%     93.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3325283      0.19%     93.71% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     42618496      2.45%     96.16% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      7507966      0.43%     96.59% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4365595      0.25%     96.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4195544      0.24%     97.08% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      5335886      0.31%     97.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      5708855      0.33%     97.72% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3741122      0.22%     97.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3325283      0.19%     98.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     20574742      1.18%     99.31% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       390117      0.02%     99.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       324383      0.02%     99.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       637334      0.04%     99.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       627331      0.04%     99.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       501579      0.03%     99.45% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       352963      0.02%     99.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       217208      0.01%     99.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      6291887      0.36%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       187199      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       164335      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       187199      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       204347      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       114320      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       102888      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       121465      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1626202      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1739697467                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.704736                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   306.278638                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   200.151921                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   436.524891                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1738     89.68%     89.68% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          109      5.62%     95.30% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           38      1.96%     97.27% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           16      0.83%     98.09% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           15      0.77%     98.86% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           12      0.62%     99.48% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            7      0.36%     99.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            2      0.10%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   637.324755                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   304.942254                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   639.559874                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          632     38.73%     38.73% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          272     16.67%     55.39% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          206     12.62%     68.01% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          140      8.58%     76.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          108      6.62%     83.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535          110      6.74%     89.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           47      2.88%     92.83% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           54      3.31%     96.14% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           30      1.84%     97.98% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           12      0.74%     98.71% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            5      0.31%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            8      0.49%     99.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            8      0.49%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3468    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1873                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   245.254138                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    91.090817                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   369.858558                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-255         1358     72.50%     72.50% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-511          151      8.06%     80.57% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-767          102      5.45%     86.01% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-1023          179      9.56%     95.57% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1279           69      3.68%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1535            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1791            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-2047            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2303           14      0.75%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2304-2559            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores34.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1873                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores35.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores35.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores35.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores35.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores35.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores35.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores35.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores35.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores35.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores35.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores35.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores35.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores35.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores35.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores35.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores35.activeCycles        1150523                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores35.notStalledCycles       123777                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores35.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores35.instPerCycle       1.145031                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores35.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4808                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1873                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.719653                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1748188585                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.367481                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.251788                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    866356972     49.56%     49.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    585485593     33.49%     83.05% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    159449249      9.12%     92.17% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      6777747      0.39%     92.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5540233      0.32%     92.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4156961      0.24%     93.11% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4079795      0.23%     93.34% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      5977507      0.34%     93.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     43557349      2.49%     96.18% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6467654      0.37%     96.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      6041812      0.35%     96.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      5334457      0.31%     97.20% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      6421926      0.37%     97.57% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      5756012      0.33%     97.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3771131      0.22%     98.11% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      2843710      0.16%     98.27% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     18402662      1.05%     99.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       292945      0.02%     99.34% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       673059      0.04%     99.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       398691      0.02%     99.40% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       528730      0.03%     99.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       272939      0.02%     99.45% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       288658      0.02%     99.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       290087      0.02%     99.48% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      5943211      0.34%     99.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       292945      0.02%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       181483      0.01%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       165764      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       197202      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       232927      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       198631      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       247217      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1563326      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1748188585                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.706367                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   308.678019                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   202.425575                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   431.570870                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1734     89.47%     89.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          109      5.62%     95.10% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           42      2.17%     97.27% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           19      0.98%     98.25% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           13      0.67%     98.92% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           12      0.62%     99.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            7      0.36%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   645.772672                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   331.456741                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   623.981655                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          568     34.80%     34.80% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          338     20.71%     55.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          208     12.75%     68.26% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          122      7.48%     75.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          130      7.97%     83.70% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           85      5.21%     88.91% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           77      4.72%     93.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           36      2.21%     95.83% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           41      2.51%     98.35% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           11      0.67%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            0      0.00%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071           16      0.98%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1873                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   225.614522                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    87.737149                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   348.036425                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-255         1354     72.29%     72.29% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-511          190     10.14%     82.43% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-767          154      8.22%     90.66% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-1023          136      7.26%     97.92% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1279           12      0.64%     98.56% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1535           13      0.69%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1791            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-2047            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2303           14      0.75%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2304-2559            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores35.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1873                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores36.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores36.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores36.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores36.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores36.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores36.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores36.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores36.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores36.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores36.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores36.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores36.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores36.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores36.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores36.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores36.activeCycles        1154819                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores36.notStalledCycles       123865                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores36.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores36.instPerCycle       1.140771                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores36.kernels_completed           87                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4820                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1872                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.720263                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1754610511                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.400689                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.406846                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    869296425     49.54%     49.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    590498525     33.65%     83.20% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    160276640      9.13%     92.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      5511653      0.31%     92.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      4894325      0.28%     92.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3662527      0.21%     93.13% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      3406736      0.19%     93.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4282713      0.24%     93.57% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     42268391      2.41%     95.98% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      7140713      0.41%     96.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4638534      0.26%     96.65% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4234127      0.24%     96.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      5631689      0.32%     97.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3721116      0.21%     97.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      5880335      0.34%     97.76% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      3446748      0.20%     97.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     21465009      1.22%     99.18% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       535875      0.03%     99.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       287229      0.02%     99.23% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       495863      0.03%     99.26% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       824533      0.05%     99.30% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       758799      0.04%     99.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       408694      0.02%     99.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       287229      0.02%     99.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      6699152      0.38%     99.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       164335      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       643050      0.04%     99.81% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       170051      0.01%     99.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       218637      0.01%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       563026      0.03%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       394404      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       142900      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1760528      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1754610511                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.742545                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.874510                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.474498                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472136                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1876     52.55%     52.55% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1592     44.59%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   310.087203                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   201.404777                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   446.809084                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1736     89.58%     89.58% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          113      5.83%     95.41% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           35      1.81%     97.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           16      0.83%     98.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           15      0.77%     98.81% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           10      0.52%     99.33% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            9      0.46%     99.79% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            2      0.10%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   672.849265                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   328.366321                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   660.943324                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          562     34.44%     34.44% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          306     18.75%     53.19% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          199     12.19%     65.38% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          183     11.21%     76.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279           84      5.15%     81.74% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535          121      7.41%     89.15% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           58      3.55%     92.71% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           30      1.84%     94.55% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           44      2.70%     97.24% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           17      1.04%     98.28% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815           11      0.67%     98.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            9      0.55%     99.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            7      0.43%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            1      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1872                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   236.061432                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    91.287369                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   359.138017                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-255         1380     73.72%     73.72% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-511          159      8.49%     82.21% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-767          109      5.82%     88.03% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-1023          169      9.03%     97.06% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1279           41      2.19%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1535            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1791            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-2047            0      0.00%     99.25% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2303            3      0.16%     99.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2304-2559           11      0.59%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores36.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1872                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores37.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores37.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores37.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores37.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores37.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores37.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores37.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores37.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores37.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores37.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores37.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores37.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores37.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores37.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores37.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores37.activeCycles        1166950                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores37.notStalledCycles       124154                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores37.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores37.instPerCycle       1.128912                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores37.kernels_completed           88                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4846                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1835                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.725341                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1774933749                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.406792                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.410444                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    877457444     49.44%     49.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    604982869     34.08%     83.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    154027623      8.68%     92.20% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4832878      0.27%     92.47% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5435916      0.31%     92.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      3418168      0.19%     92.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4228411      0.24%     93.21% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3682533      0.21%     93.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     45952353      2.59%     96.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      8062418      0.45%     96.46% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      4091227      0.23%     96.69% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4331299      0.24%     96.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      4016919      0.23%     97.16% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      3928321      0.22%     97.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3924034      0.22%     97.60% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      5068663      0.29%     97.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     23338428      1.31%     99.20% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       835965      0.05%     99.25% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       290087      0.02%     99.27% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       264365      0.01%     99.28% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       665914      0.04%     99.32% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       568742      0.03%     99.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       514440      0.03%     99.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       508724      0.03%     99.41% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      6556252      0.37%     99.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       268652      0.02%     99.79% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       435845      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       563026      0.03%     99.85% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       217208      0.01%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       294374      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       124323      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       112891      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1933437      0.11%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1774933749                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.734048                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   311.124871                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   201.170080                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   442.323281                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1731     89.32%     89.32% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          117      6.04%     95.36% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           32      1.65%     97.01% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           17      0.88%     97.88% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           17      0.88%     98.76% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           14      0.72%     99.48% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            8      0.41%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   688.469363                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   318.148499                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   698.404356                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          564     34.56%     34.56% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          276     16.91%     51.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          192     11.76%     63.24% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          206     12.62%     75.86% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          109      6.68%     82.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           88      5.39%     87.93% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           79      4.84%     92.77% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           34      2.08%     94.85% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           17      1.04%     95.89% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           33      2.02%     97.92% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            2      0.12%     98.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071           16      0.98%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327            0      0.00%     99.02% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            8      0.49%     99.51% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            8      0.49%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3468    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1835                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   231.566213                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    88.218345                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   362.568523                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-255         1391     75.80%     75.80% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-511          122      6.65%     82.45% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-767           61      3.32%     85.78% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-1023          221     12.04%     97.82% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1279           26      1.42%     99.24% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1535            0      0.00%     99.24% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1791            0      0.00%     99.24% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-2047            0      0.00%     99.24% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2303            0      0.00%     99.24% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2304-2559           14      0.76%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores37.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1835                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores38.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores38.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores38.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores38.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores38.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores38.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores38.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores38.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores38.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores38.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores38.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores38.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores38.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores38.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores38.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores38.activeCycles        1169176                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores38.notStalledCycles       124314                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores38.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores38.instPerCycle       1.126763                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores38.kernels_completed           88                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4846                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1835                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.725341                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1781932991                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.442007                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.418487                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    880408329     49.41%     49.41% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    595805831     33.44%     82.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    161538447      9.07%     91.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      3722545      0.21%     92.12% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      4881464      0.27%     92.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      2970891      0.17%     92.56% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      6186141      0.35%     92.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      4219837      0.24%     93.14% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     48520266      2.72%     95.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      5017219      0.28%     96.15% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5117249      0.29%     96.43% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4045499      0.23%     96.66% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      4719987      0.26%     96.93% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      4269852      0.24%     97.17% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3362437      0.19%     97.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      6779176      0.38%     97.73% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     27433942      1.54%     99.27% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       515869      0.03%     99.30% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       408694      0.02%     99.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       431558      0.02%     99.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       641621      0.04%     99.39% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       297232      0.02%     99.40% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       731648      0.04%     99.44% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       291516      0.02%     99.46% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      6789179      0.38%     99.84% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       330099      0.02%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       394404      0.02%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       167193      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       504437      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       668772      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       142900      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       138613      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32       480144      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1781932991                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.746845                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.871429                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.471352                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.472601                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1887     52.86%     52.86% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1581     44.29%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   313.472652                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   201.269520                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   442.562260                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1724     88.96%     88.96% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          123      6.35%     95.30% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           33      1.70%     97.01% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           23      1.19%     98.19% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           14      0.72%     98.92% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071            9      0.46%     99.38% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583           10      0.52%     99.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   716.809436                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   361.907957                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   668.449352                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          485     29.72%     29.72% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          316     19.36%     49.08% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          194     11.89%     60.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          211     12.93%     73.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          134      8.21%     82.11% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           66      4.04%     86.15% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791          122      7.48%     93.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           30      1.84%     95.47% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           25      1.53%     97.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           23      1.41%     98.41% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            2      0.12%     98.53% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            4      0.25%     98.77% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327           11      0.67%     99.45% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            9      0.55%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean     6.000288                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000267                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev     0.016981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3467     99.97%     99.97% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            1      0.03%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1835                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   222.379292                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    84.267404                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   365.841910                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-255         1416     77.17%     77.17% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-511          105      5.72%     82.89% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-767           83      4.52%     87.41% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-1023          171      9.32%     96.73% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1279           35      1.91%     98.64% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1535            0      0.00%     98.64% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1791           11      0.60%     99.24% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-2047            0      0.00%     99.24% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2303            0      0.00%     99.24% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2304-2559           14      0.76%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores38.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1835                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.itb.hits                 33                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores39.itb.misses                2                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores39.itb.hitRate        0.942857                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores39.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.shared_loads         130560                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.shared_stores         55590                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.param_kernel_loads        33440                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.global_loads          29478                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.global_stores         26112                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores39.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores39.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores39.inst_cache_requests           35                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores39.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores39.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores39.inst_counts::1       885634                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores39.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores39.inst_counts::3       156570                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores39.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores39.inst_counts::5       275180                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores39.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores39.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores39.activeCycles        1171593                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores39.notStalledCycles       124300                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores39.instInstances       1317384                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores39.instPerCycle       1.124438                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores39.kernels_completed           88                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.data_tlb.hits         4840                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.data_tlb.misses         1830                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate     0.725637                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples   1782876131                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean     1.425698                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev     3.397448                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0    880155396     49.37%     49.37% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1    600855917     33.70%     83.07% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2    158381786      8.88%     91.95% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3      4312722      0.24%     92.19% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4      5751725      0.32%     92.52% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5      4781434      0.27%     92.78% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6      4104088      0.23%     93.02% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7      3601080      0.20%     93.22% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8     48170161      2.70%     95.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9      6166135      0.35%     96.26% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10      5071521      0.28%     96.55% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11      4761428      0.27%     96.82% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12      4671401      0.26%     97.08% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13      4354163      0.24%     97.32% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14      3932608      0.22%     97.54% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15      4049786      0.23%     97.77% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16     27179580      1.52%     99.29% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17       643050      0.04%     99.33% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18       258649      0.01%     99.35% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19       254362      0.01%     99.36% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20       340102      0.02%     99.38% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21       488718      0.03%     99.41% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22       261507      0.01%     99.42% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23       543020      0.03%     99.45% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24      6700581      0.38%     99.83% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25       634476      0.04%     99.86% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26       194344      0.01%     99.87% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27       182912      0.01%     99.88% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28       172909      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29       130039      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30       124323      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31       162906      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32      1483302      0.08%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total   1782876131                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.cacheAccesses     0.737821                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            4                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean     1.868347                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean     1.468213                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev     2.473062                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1         1898     53.17%     53.17% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2         1570     43.98%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0      0.00%     97.14% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16          102      2.86%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total         3570                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean   313.712590                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean   201.433827                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev   434.616987                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0-511         1712     88.34%     88.34% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::512-1023          132      6.81%     95.15% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1024-1535           40      2.06%     97.21% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1536-2047           16      0.83%     98.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2048-2559           20      1.03%     99.07% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2560-3071           10      0.52%     99.59% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3072-3583            7      0.36%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3584-4095            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4096-4607            0      0.00%     99.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4608-5119            1      0.05%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5120-5631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5632-6143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6144-6655            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6656-7167            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7168-7679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7680-8191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total         1938                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean   704.640319                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean   345.315981                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev   682.097813                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0-255          540     33.09%     33.09% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::256-511          290     17.77%     50.86% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::512-767          192     11.76%     62.62% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::768-1023          204     12.50%     75.12% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1024-1279          114      6.99%     82.11% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1280-1535           79      4.84%     86.95% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1536-1791           75      4.60%     91.54% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1792-2047           51      3.12%     94.67% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2048-2303           38      2.33%     97.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2304-2559           17      1.04%     98.04% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2560-2815            8      0.49%     98.53% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2816-3071            6      0.37%     98.90% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3072-3327           12      0.74%     99.63% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3328-3583            5      0.31%     99.94% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3584-3839            1      0.06%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total         1632                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean            6                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean     6.000000                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0      0.00%      0.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6         3468    100.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total         3468                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples         1830                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean   242.852459                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean    87.184797                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev   388.474392                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0-255         1376     75.19%     75.19% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::256-511           82      4.48%     79.67% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::512-767          100      5.46%     85.14% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::768-1023          204     11.15%     96.28% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1024-1279           46      2.51%     98.80% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1280-1535            0      0.00%     98.80% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1536-1791            8      0.44%     99.23% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1792-2047            0      0.00%     99.23% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2048-2303            0      0.00%     99.23% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2304-2559           14      0.77%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2560-2815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2816-3071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3072-3327            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3328-3583            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores39.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total         1830                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.hits                       0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.misses                     0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.hitRate                  nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.hits                         0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.misses                       0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.hitRate                    nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.iobus.throughput                         68307                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  194                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 194                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  91                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 91                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                 6                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                     582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          131                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          151                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          115                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          135                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total                  420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                     420                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                47400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              436400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy                7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy               11400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy               10400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              302800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy               10400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer10.occupancy              10400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer10.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer12.occupancy               1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer12.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer14.occupancy               4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer14.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer16.occupancy             266400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer16.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                        19959495                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                       7757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                        15550                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                15369                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        442                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts          936                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                       15369                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads              30615                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes             12783                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads                9237                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes               5289                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                         3466                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                       2270                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                      1196                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              19841586.318963                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              117908.681037                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005907                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994093                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                             1537                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  113      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                    11911     76.60%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      46      0.30%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.09%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                    2270     14.60%     92.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                   1196      7.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                     15550                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                         9999185                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                       3704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                         7359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                 7253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        202                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts          465                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                        7253                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads              14461                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes              5995                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads                4317                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes               2430                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                         1655                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                       1086                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                       569                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              9972781.647132                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              26403.352868                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.002641                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.997359                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                              762                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                   57      0.77%      0.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                     5621     76.38%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      19      0.26%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.10%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                    1086     14.76%     92.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                    569      7.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                      7359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                        10002755                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                       9952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                        21446                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                20949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                        880                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts         1188                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                       20949                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads              42377                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes             17072                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads                9105                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes               6188                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                         5065                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                       3409                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                      1656                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              9912607.250458                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              90147.749542                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.009012                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.990988                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                             2294                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                   57      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                    16298     76.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      19      0.09%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.03%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                    3409     15.90%     92.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                   1656      7.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                     21446                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                         9998585                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                       3619                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                         7206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                 7117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        202                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts          448                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                        7117                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads              14206                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes              5893                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads                4232                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes               2396                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                         1638                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                       1069                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                       569                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              9973085.411272                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              25499.588728                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.002550                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.997450                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                              728                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                   57      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                     5485     76.12%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      19      0.26%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.10%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                    1069     14.83%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                    569      7.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                      7206                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                        10003065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                       3687                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                         7338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                 7247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                        206                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts          458                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                        7247                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads              14462                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes              5999                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                4289                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes               2438                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                         1669                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                       1090                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                       579                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              9974256.658261                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              28808.341739                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.002880                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.997120                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                              744                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                   57      0.78%      0.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                     5584     76.10%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                      21      0.29%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.10%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                    1090     14.85%     92.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                    579      7.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                      7338                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                         9999170                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                       3184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                         6271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                 6207                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                        170                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts          394                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                        6207                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads              12398                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes              5147                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads                3818                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes               2099                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                         1411                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                        923                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                       488                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              9977295.900874                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              21874.099126                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.002188                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.997812                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                              630                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                   40      0.64%      0.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                     4794     76.45%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      19      0.30%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.11%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                     923     14.72%     92.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                    488      7.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                      6271                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                        15371700                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                    1261800                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                      2468123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses              2463328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                    50                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      53878                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts       192727                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                     2463328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                           50                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads            4669782                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes           2000372                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                  80                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                 40                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads             1392458                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes             840724                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                       491017                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                     297383                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                    193634                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              4543677.726761                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              10828022.273239                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.704413                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.295587                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                           271462                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                 4364      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                  1971125     79.86%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                      74      0.00%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                     1513      0.06%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                     40      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                  297383     12.05%     92.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                 193634      7.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                   2468133                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                6400                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                         9998890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        19834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                19383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        800                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1106                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       19383                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              39189                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             15806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads                8571                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               5762                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4679                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       3143                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      1536                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              9920872.645561                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              78017.354439                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.007803                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.992197                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             2116                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                   59      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    15070     75.98%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      19      0.10%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.04%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    3143     15.85%     92.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   1536      7.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     19834                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.work_item_type0::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::mean               6148699200                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::gmean            6148699200.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.work_item_type0::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples        753719                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        30.333604                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       17.412773                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       86.328628                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      749545     99.45%     99.45% |        2710      0.36%     99.81% |         948      0.13%     99.93% |         471      0.06%     99.99% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total          753719                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        516963                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean       767.377578                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean      303.391705                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev      899.674398                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      273272     52.86%     52.86% |      110655     21.40%     74.27% |       44201      8.55%     82.82% |       34665      6.71%     89.52% |       23006      4.45%     93.97% |       12385      2.40%     96.37% |        9613      1.86%     98.23% |        6470      1.25%     99.48% |        2422      0.47%     99.95% |         274      0.05%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          516963                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         21739                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        12.443075                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       12.408098                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.998718                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       21179     97.42%     97.42% |         553      2.54%     99.97% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           21739                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           697367                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          283.944518                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          15.063518                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         949.792923                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |      669034     95.94%     95.94% |       17205      2.47%     98.40% |        6130      0.88%     99.28% |        3838      0.55%     99.83% |         778      0.11%     99.95% |         307      0.04%     99.99% |          62      0.01%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             697367                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples       521264                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        5.304504                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       4.714407                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       2.492562                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          40      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |      280957     53.90%     53.91% |           0      0.00%     53.91% |           0      0.00%     53.91% |           0      0.00%     53.91% |           0      0.00%     53.91% |      240267     46.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total         521264                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       176103                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1108.717569                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    469.074743                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1631.644526                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      147770     83.91%     83.91% |       17205      9.77%     93.68% |        6130      3.48%     97.16% |        3838      2.18%     99.34% |         778      0.44%     99.78% |         307      0.17%     99.96% |          62      0.04%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        176103                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           296048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean          370.488725                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean          12.839972                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev        1034.058424                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |      276432     93.37%     93.37% |       12966      4.38%     97.75% |        5267      1.78%     99.53% |        1172      0.40%     99.93% |         206      0.07%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             296048                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples       207724                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        2.919075                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       2.869563                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.394083                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8405      4.05%      4.05% |           0      0.00%      4.05% |      199319     95.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total         207724                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples        88324                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1234.954078                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    435.532402                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1587.139036                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       68708     77.79%     77.79% |       12966     14.68%     92.47% |        5267      5.96%     98.43% |        1172      1.33%     99.76% |         206      0.23%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total         88324                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      1695021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.088817                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.011519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       4.269356                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     1694848     99.99%     99.99% |          93      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        1695021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      1692761                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1692761    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      1692761                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples         2260                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    69.613717                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    53.142193                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    96.142237                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |        2087     92.35%     92.35% |          93      4.12%     96.46% |          24      1.06%     97.52% |          16      0.71%     98.23% |          17      0.75%     98.98% |          20      0.88%     99.87% |           3      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total         2260                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples        28403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      3.132486                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.011758                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    11.884986                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |       28402    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total        28403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples        28365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       28365    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total        28365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           38                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   102.026316                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    55.839426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   313.641514                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |          37     97.37%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           38                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          357                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     9.854342                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.445013                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    17.344204                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         308     86.27%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |          11      3.08%     89.36% |          20      5.60%     94.96% |          18      5.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          357                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          308                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         308    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          308                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           49                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    52.938776                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    52.622285                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev     5.889285                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     22.45%     22.45% |          20     40.82%     63.27% |          18     36.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           49                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          357                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         357    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          357                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          357                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         357    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |        2086      0.30%      0.30% |        1009      0.14%      0.44% |        3086      0.44%      0.89% |         992      0.14%      1.03% |        1011      0.14%      1.17% |         862      0.12%      1.30% |      269697     38.66%     39.96% |        2848      0.41%     40.37% |        4278      0.61%     40.98% |        4323      0.62%     41.60% |        4329      0.62%     42.22% |        4329      0.62%     42.84% |        4323      0.62%     43.46% |        4323      0.62%     44.08% |        4323      0.62%     44.70% |        4335      0.62%     45.32% |        4335      0.62%     45.94% |        4335      0.62%     46.56% |        4335      0.62%     47.19% |        4323      0.62%     47.80% |        4323      0.62%     48.42% |        4323      0.62%     49.04% |        4329      0.62%     49.66% |        4329      0.62%     50.29% |        4323      0.62%     50.91% |        4278      0.61%     51.52% |        4278      0.61%     52.13% |        4284      0.61%     52.75% |        4284      0.61%     53.36% |        4290      0.61%     53.97% |        4284      0.61%     54.59% |        4284      0.61%     55.20% |        4284      0.61%     55.82% |        4284      0.61%     56.43% |        4278      0.61%     57.04% |        4284      0.61%     57.66% |        4284      0.61%     58.27% |        4284      0.61%     58.89% |        4284      0.61%     59.50% |        4278      0.61%     60.11% |        4284      0.61%     60.73% |        4284      0.61%     61.34% |        4284      0.61%     61.96% |        4284      0.61%     62.57% |        4290      0.61%     63.19% |        4284      0.61%     63.80% |        4284      0.61%     64.41% |        4278      0.61%     65.03% |      243968     34.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       697591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |       10556      0.62%      0.62% |        5004      0.30%      0.92% |       12904      0.76%      1.68% |        4919      0.29%      1.97% |        5015      0.30%      2.27% |        4347      0.26%      2.52% |     1638872     96.69%     99.21% |       12004      0.71%     99.92% |          35      0.00%     99.92% |          35      0.00%     99.92% |          35      0.00%     99.92% |          35      0.00%     99.93% |          35      0.00%     99.93% |          35      0.00%     99.93% |          35      0.00%     99.93% |          35      0.00%     99.93% |          35      0.00%     99.94% |          35      0.00%     99.94% |          35      0.00%     99.94% |          35      0.00%     99.94% |          35      0.00%     99.94% |          35      0.00%     99.95% |          35      0.00%     99.95% |          35      0.00%     99.95% |          35      0.00%     99.95% |          35      0.00%     99.95% |          35      0.00%     99.96% |          35      0.00%     99.96% |          35      0.00%     99.96% |          35      0.00%     99.96% |          35      0.00%     99.96% |          35      0.00%     99.97% |          35      0.00%     99.97% |          35      0.00%     99.97% |          35      0.00%     99.97% |          35      0.00%     99.98% |          35      0.00%     99.98% |          35      0.00%     99.98% |          35      0.00%     99.98% |          35      0.00%     99.98% |          35      0.00%     99.99% |          35      0.00%     99.99% |          35      0.00%     99.99% |          35      0.00%     99.99% |          35      0.00%     99.99% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      1695021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |        1373      0.42%      0.42% |         648      0.20%      0.61% |        1851      0.56%      1.18% |         648      0.20%      1.38% |         660      0.20%      1.58% |         552      0.17%      1.74% |      221459     67.38%     69.13% |        1719      0.52%     69.65% |        2422      0.74%     70.39% |        2468      0.75%     71.14% |        2477      0.75%     71.89% |        2494      0.76%     72.65% |        2495      0.76%     73.41% |        2496      0.76%     74.17% |        2499      0.76%     74.93% |        2521      0.77%     75.70% |        2502      0.76%     76.46% |        2523      0.77%     77.23% |        2525      0.77%     77.99% |        2517      0.77%     78.76% |        2511      0.76%     79.52% |        2518      0.77%     80.29% |        2536      0.77%     81.06% |        2543      0.77%     81.84% |        2534      0.77%     82.61% |        2508      0.76%     83.37% |        2502      0.76%     84.13% |        2494      0.76%     84.89% |        2496      0.76%     85.65% |        2494      0.76%     86.41% |        2494      0.76%     87.17% |        2492      0.76%     87.93% |        2498      0.76%     88.69% |        2485      0.76%     89.44% |        2469      0.75%     90.19% |        2465      0.75%     90.94% |        2471      0.75%     91.69% |        2475      0.75%     92.45% |        2462      0.75%     93.20% |        2475      0.75%     93.95% |        2502      0.76%     94.71% |        2473      0.75%     95.46% |        2476      0.75%     96.22% |        2476      0.75%     96.97% |        2497      0.76%     97.73% |        2480      0.75%     98.48% |        2478      0.75%     99.24% |        2502      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       328655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          28      0.27%      0.27% |          42      0.41%      0.68% |          42      0.41%      1.09% |          40      0.39%      1.48% |          45      0.44%      1.91% |          37      0.36%      2.27% |          76      0.74%      3.01% |          46      0.45%      3.45% |         231      2.24%      5.70% |         240      2.33%      8.03% |         266      2.58%     10.61% |         255      2.47%     13.08% |         264      2.56%     15.64% |         242      2.35%     17.99% |         242      2.35%     20.34% |         276      2.68%     23.02% |         269      2.61%     25.63% |         273      2.65%     28.28% |         250      2.43%     30.71% |         248      2.41%     33.11% |         266      2.58%     35.69% |         252      2.45%     38.14% |         263      2.55%     40.69% |         245      2.38%     43.07% |         241      2.34%     45.41% |         258      2.50%     47.91% |         240      2.33%     50.24% |         252      2.45%     52.69% |         230      2.23%     54.92% |         233      2.26%     57.18% |         259      2.51%     59.70% |         249      2.42%     62.11% |         254      2.47%     64.58% |         229      2.22%     66.80% |         230      2.23%     69.03% |         259      2.51%     71.55% |         247      2.40%     73.94% |         257      2.49%     76.44% |         238      2.31%     78.75% |         232      2.25%     81.00% |         262      2.54%     83.54% |         245      2.38%     85.92% |         253      2.46%     88.37% |         232      2.25%     90.62% |         235      2.28%     92.91% |         256      2.48%     95.39% |         232      2.25%     97.64% |         243      2.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        10304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |         180      0.04%      0.04% |          49      0.01%      0.05% |         106      0.02%      0.08% |          52      0.01%      0.09% |          54      0.01%      0.10% |          35      0.01%      0.11% |        1230      0.28%      0.38% |          65      0.01%      0.40% |        9155      2.06%      2.46% |        9544      2.15%      4.61% |        9579      2.16%      6.77% |        9770      2.20%      8.97% |        9893      2.23%     11.20% |       10253      2.31%     13.51% |       10373      2.34%     15.84% |       10675      2.40%     18.25% |       10502      2.37%     20.61% |       10744      2.42%     23.03% |       10606      2.39%     25.42% |       10974      2.47%     27.89% |       11285      2.54%     30.43% |       11222      2.53%     32.96% |       11141      2.51%     35.47% |       11209      2.52%     37.99% |       11142      2.51%     40.50% |       10717      2.41%     42.92% |       10813      2.44%     45.35% |       10933      2.46%     47.81% |       11073      2.49%     50.31% |       11148      2.51%     52.82% |       11067      2.49%     55.31% |       11271      2.54%     57.85% |       11451      2.58%     60.43% |       11303      2.55%     62.97% |       10958      2.47%     65.44% |       11089      2.50%     67.94% |       11223      2.53%     70.47% |       11545      2.60%     73.07% |       11389      2.57%     75.63% |       11884      2.68%     78.31% |       11991      2.70%     81.01% |       11503      2.59%     83.60% |       11599      2.61%     86.21% |       11672      2.63%     88.84% |       11568      2.61%     91.45% |       11515      2.59%     94.04% |       11633      2.62%     96.66% |       11411      2.57%     99.23% |        3414      0.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       444008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           3      1.70%      1.70% |           3      1.70%      3.41% |           1      0.57%      3.98% |           3      1.70%      5.68% |           5      2.84%      8.52% |           2      1.14%      9.66% |           4      2.27%     11.93% |           6      3.41%     15.34% |           2      1.14%     16.48% |           1      0.57%     17.05% |           1      0.57%     17.61% |           1      0.57%     18.18% |           2      1.14%     19.32% |           0      0.00%     19.32% |           0      0.00%     19.32% |          10      5.68%     25.00% |           8      4.55%     29.55% |           0      0.00%     29.55% |           0      0.00%     29.55% |           8      4.55%     34.09% |           9      5.11%     39.20% |           1      0.57%     39.77% |           2      1.14%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           1      0.57%     41.48% |           9      5.11%     46.59% |          12      6.82%     53.41% |           2      1.14%     54.55% |           3      1.70%     56.25% |           9      5.11%     61.36% |          10      5.68%     67.05% |           1      0.57%     67.61% |           0      0.00%     67.61% |           4      2.27%     69.89% |           1      0.57%     70.45% |           4      2.27%     72.73% |           1      0.57%     73.30% |           2      1.14%     74.43% |           0      0.00%     74.43% |           2      1.14%     75.57% |          11      6.25%     81.82% |          10      5.68%     87.50% |           2      1.14%     88.64% |           4      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      0.57%     91.48% |           4      2.27%     93.75% |          11      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          12      0.11%      0.11% |           8      0.07%      0.18% |           6      0.05%      0.23% |           9      0.08%      0.31% |          13      0.12%      0.43% |           7      0.06%      0.49% |          89      0.79%      1.28% |          16      0.14%      1.42% |         262      2.33%      3.75% |         274      2.43%      6.18% |         280      2.49%      8.67% |         278      2.47%     11.14% |         287      2.55%     13.69% |         268      2.38%     16.07% |         253      2.25%     18.31% |         270      2.40%     20.71% |         267      2.37%     23.08% |         277      2.46%     25.54% |         257      2.28%     27.83% |         252      2.24%     30.06% |         281      2.50%     32.56% |         274      2.43%     34.99% |         280      2.49%     37.48% |         266      2.36%     39.84% |         275      2.44%     42.29% |         277      2.46%     44.75% |         268      2.38%     47.13% |         274      2.43%     49.56% |         252      2.24%     51.80% |         261      2.32%     54.12% |         289      2.57%     56.68% |         284      2.52%     59.21% |         297      2.64%     61.84% |         269      2.39%     64.23% |         282      2.50%     66.74% |         315      2.80%     69.54% |         313      2.78%     72.32% |         311      2.76%     75.08% |         303      2.69%     77.77% |         275      2.44%     80.21% |         297      2.64%     82.85% |         286      2.54%     85.39% |         295      2.62%     88.01% |         272      2.42%     90.43% |         265      2.35%     92.78% |         269      2.39%     95.17% |         268      2.38%     97.55% |         276      2.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        11259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.12%      0.12% |           1      0.12%      0.24% |           0      0.00%      0.24% |           0      0.00%      0.24% |           1      0.12%      0.37% |           0      0.00%      0.37% |          68      8.32%      8.69% |          45      5.51%     14.20% |          26      3.18%     17.38% |          25      3.06%     20.44% |          19      2.33%     22.77% |          29      3.55%     26.32% |          23      2.82%     29.13% |          23      2.82%     31.95% |          32      3.92%     35.86% |          21      2.57%     38.43% |          24      2.94%     41.37% |          15      1.84%     43.21% |          25      3.06%     46.27% |          27      3.30%     49.57% |          32      3.92%     53.49% |          18      2.20%     55.69% |          39      4.77%     60.47% |          19      2.33%     62.79% |          27      3.30%     66.10% |          16      1.96%     68.05% |          12      1.47%     69.52% |          27      3.30%     72.83% |           9      1.10%     73.93% |          13      1.59%     75.52% |           8      0.98%     76.50% |           9      1.10%     77.60% |          10      1.22%     78.82% |          17      2.08%     80.91% |          15      1.84%     82.74% |          31      3.79%     86.54% |          29      3.55%     90.09% |          13      1.59%     91.68% |           9      1.10%     92.78% |          11      1.35%     94.12% |           6      0.73%     94.86% |           6      0.73%     95.59% |           6      0.73%     96.33% |           8      0.98%     97.31% |           7      0.86%     98.16% |          15      1.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |          17      0.01%      0.01% |           5      0.00%      0.01% |           9      0.01%      0.02% |           6      0.00%      0.02% |           4      0.00%      0.03% |           5      0.00%      0.03% |         160      0.10%      0.13% |           3      0.00%      0.13% |        3892      2.44%      2.57% |        3929      2.46%      5.04% |        3929      2.46%      7.50% |        3911      2.45%      9.95% |        3921      2.46%     12.41% |        3897      2.44%     14.86% |        3899      2.45%     17.30% |        3928      2.46%     19.77% |        3900      2.45%     22.21% |        3912      2.45%     24.67% |        3917      2.46%     27.13% |        3925      2.46%     29.59% |        3946      2.48%     32.06% |        3915      2.46%     34.52% |        3914      2.46%     36.97% |        3905      2.45%     39.42% |        3929      2.46%     41.89% |        3892      2.44%     44.33% |        3873      2.43%     46.76% |        3879      2.43%     49.19% |        3858      2.42%     51.61% |        3890      2.44%     54.05% |        3930      2.47%     56.52% |        3896      2.44%     58.96% |        3883      2.44%     61.40% |        3878      2.43%     63.83% |        3910      2.45%     66.28% |        3933      2.47%     68.75% |        3902      2.45%     71.20% |        3884      2.44%     73.63% |        3868      2.43%     76.06% |        3877      2.43%     78.49% |        3900      2.45%     80.94% |        3889      2.44%     83.38% |        3899      2.45%     85.82% |        3877      2.43%     88.25% |        3895      2.44%     90.70% |        3904      2.45%     93.15% |        3911      2.45%     95.60% |        3903      2.45%     98.05% |        3112      1.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       159421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          19      0.17%      0.17% |          16      0.14%      0.31% |          12      0.11%      0.42% |           4      0.04%      0.45% |           6      0.05%      0.51% |           8      0.07%      0.58% |           9      0.08%      0.66% |          12      0.11%      0.76% |         267      2.37%      3.14% |         277      2.46%      5.60% |         283      2.51%      8.11% |         297      2.64%     10.75% |         282      2.50%     13.25% |         296      2.63%     15.88% |         301      2.67%     18.55% |         294      2.61%     21.17% |         321      2.85%     24.02% |         311      2.76%     26.78% |         309      2.74%     29.52% |         295      2.62%     32.14% |         270      2.40%     34.54% |         294      2.61%     37.15% |         299      2.66%     39.81% |         303      2.69%     42.50% |         275      2.44%     44.94% |         268      2.38%     47.32% |         286      2.54%     49.86% |         280      2.49%     52.35% |         305      2.71%     55.06% |         289      2.57%     57.63% |         248      2.20%     59.83% |         278      2.47%     62.30% |         280      2.49%     64.78% |         285      2.53%     67.32% |         250      2.22%     69.54% |         231      2.05%     71.59% |         253      2.25%     73.83% |         267      2.37%     76.21% |         276      2.45%     78.66% |         267      2.37%     81.03% |         254      2.26%     83.28% |         268      2.38%     85.66% |         257      2.28%     87.95% |         278      2.47%     90.42% |         279      2.48%     92.89% |         266      2.36%     95.26% |         262      2.33%     97.58% |         252      2.24%     99.82% |          20      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        11259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |         176      0.19%      0.19% |          59      0.06%      0.25% |         110      0.12%      0.36% |          69      0.07%      0.44% |          71      0.07%      0.51% |          48      0.05%      0.56% |        1063      1.12%      1.68% |          86      0.09%      1.77% |        2290      2.41%      4.18% |        2320      2.44%      6.61% |        2331      2.45%      9.06% |        2339      2.46%     11.52% |        2337      2.46%     13.98% |        2345      2.46%     16.44% |        2330      2.45%     18.89% |        2332      2.45%     21.35% |        2329      2.45%     23.79% |        2340      2.46%     26.25% |        2330      2.45%     28.70% |        2319      2.44%     31.14% |        2331      2.45%     33.59% |        2337      2.46%     36.05% |        2333      2.45%     38.50% |        2343      2.46%     40.96% |        2342      2.46%     43.42% |        2326      2.45%     45.87% |        2322      2.44%     48.31% |        2335      2.45%     50.76% |        2338      2.46%     53.22% |        2330      2.45%     55.67% |        2304      2.42%     58.09% |        2308      2.43%     60.52% |        2324      2.44%     62.96% |        2329      2.45%     65.41% |        2313      2.43%     67.84% |        2303      2.42%     70.26% |        2319      2.44%     72.70% |        2310      2.43%     75.13% |        2317      2.44%     77.56% |        2336      2.46%     80.02% |        2356      2.48%     82.50% |        2333      2.45%     84.95% |        2342      2.46%     87.41% |        2338      2.46%     89.87% |        2343      2.46%     92.33% |        2312      2.43%     94.76% |        2311      2.43%     97.19% |        2328      2.45%     99.64% |         345      0.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total        95132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         130      1.37%      1.37% |          24      0.25%      1.62% |          28      0.30%      1.92% |          24      0.25%      2.17% |          24      0.25%      2.42% |          25      0.26%      2.69% |          22      0.23%      2.92% |          30      0.32%      3.24% |         175      1.84%      5.08% |         203      2.14%      7.22% |         216      2.28%      9.50% |         241      2.54%     12.04% |         229      2.41%     14.45% |         239      2.52%     16.97% |         243      2.56%     19.53% |         218      2.30%     21.83% |         230      2.42%     24.25% |         238      2.51%     26.76% |         236      2.49%     29.25% |         217      2.29%     31.54% |         208      2.19%     33.73% |         230      2.42%     36.15% |         222      2.34%     38.49% |         242      2.55%     41.05% |         210      2.21%     43.26% |         217      2.29%     45.55% |         235      2.48%     48.02% |         233      2.46%     50.48% |         265      2.79%     53.27% |         225      2.37%     55.64% |         210      2.21%     57.86% |         232      2.45%     60.30% |         252      2.66%     62.96% |         262      2.76%     65.72% |         220      2.32%     68.04% |         203      2.14%     70.18% |         233      2.46%     72.64% |         229      2.41%     75.05% |         252      2.66%     77.71% |         247      2.60%     80.31% |         228      2.40%     82.71% |         239      2.52%     85.23% |         238      2.51%     87.74% |         260      2.74%     90.48% |         244      2.57%     93.05% |         217      2.29%     95.34% |         234      2.47%     97.81% |         208      2.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         9487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      2.18%      2.18% |           6      0.62%      2.81% |          12      1.25%      4.05% |           7      0.73%      4.78% |           6      0.62%      5.41% |           5      0.52%      5.93% |          10      1.04%      6.96% |          10      1.04%      8.00% |          70      7.28%     15.28% |          48      4.99%     20.27% |          27      2.81%     23.08% |          26      2.70%     25.78% |          19      1.98%     27.75% |          31      3.22%     30.98% |          28      2.91%     33.89% |          25      2.60%     36.49% |          35      3.64%     40.12% |          21      2.18%     42.31% |          29      3.01%     45.32% |          18      1.87%     47.19% |          28      2.91%     50.10% |          28      2.91%     53.01% |          32      3.33%     56.34% |          21      2.18%     58.52% |          42      4.37%     62.89% |          19      1.98%     64.86% |          29      3.01%     67.88% |          17      1.77%     69.65% |          13      1.35%     71.00% |          29      3.01%     74.01% |           9      0.94%     74.95% |          15      1.56%     76.51% |          10      1.04%     77.55% |          11      1.14%     78.69% |          13      1.35%     80.04% |          17      1.77%     81.81% |          17      1.77%     83.58% |          33      3.43%     87.01% |          31      3.22%     90.23% |          17      1.77%     92.00% |           9      0.94%     92.93% |          13      1.35%     94.28% |           7      0.73%     95.01% |           9      0.94%     95.95% |           7      0.73%     96.67% |           8      0.83%     97.51% |           8      0.83%     98.34% |          16      1.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |          44      0.02%      0.02% |           3      0.00%      0.02% |          15      0.01%      0.03% |           5      0.00%      0.03% |           5      0.00%      0.03% |           4      0.00%      0.03% |         554      0.24%      0.28% |           4      0.00%      0.28% |        5625      2.47%      2.75% |        5647      2.48%      5.23% |        5648      2.48%      7.70% |        5631      2.47%     10.18% |        5623      2.47%     12.64% |        5619      2.47%     15.11% |        5623      2.47%     17.58% |        5641      2.48%     20.05% |        5621      2.47%     22.52% |        5628      2.47%     24.99% |        5642      2.48%     27.47% |        5642      2.48%     29.94% |        5674      2.49%     32.43% |        5640      2.48%     34.91% |        5637      2.47%     37.38% |        5629      2.47%     39.85% |        5662      2.48%     42.34% |        5596      2.46%     44.79% |        5579      2.45%     47.24% |        5580      2.45%     49.69% |        5573      2.45%     52.14% |        5615      2.46%     54.60% |        5590      2.45%     57.05% |        5569      2.44%     59.50% |        5553      2.44%     61.93% |        5576      2.45%     64.38% |        5583      2.45%     66.83% |        5572      2.45%     69.28% |        5549      2.44%     71.71% |        5544      2.43%     74.15% |        5527      2.43%     76.57% |        5576      2.45%     79.02% |        5590      2.45%     81.47% |        5577      2.45%     83.92% |        5590      2.45%     86.37% |        5572      2.45%     88.82% |        5619      2.47%     91.28% |        5594      2.46%     93.74% |        5604      2.46%     96.20% |        5597      2.46%     98.66% |        3063      1.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       227854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |          71      0.04%      0.04% |          17      0.01%      0.05% |          39      0.02%      0.07% |          19      0.01%      0.08% |          20      0.01%      0.09% |          16      0.01%      0.10% |         249      0.14%      0.25% |          16      0.01%      0.25% |        4277      2.43%      2.69% |        4322      2.46%      5.14% |        4328      2.46%      7.60% |        4328      2.46%     10.06% |        4322      2.46%     12.52% |        4322      2.46%     14.98% |        4322      2.46%     17.44% |        4334      2.46%     19.90% |        4334      2.46%     22.36% |        4334      2.46%     24.83% |        4334      2.46%     27.29% |        4322      2.46%     29.75% |        4321      2.46%     32.20% |        4321      2.46%     34.66% |        4327      2.46%     37.12% |        4327      2.46%     39.58% |        4321      2.46%     42.04% |        4276      2.43%     44.47% |        4276      2.43%     46.90% |        4282      2.43%     49.33% |        4282      2.43%     51.77% |        4288      2.44%     54.21% |        4282      2.43%     56.64% |        4282      2.43%     59.07% |        4282      2.43%     61.51% |        4282      2.43%     63.94% |        4276      2.43%     66.37% |        4282      2.43%     68.81% |        4282      2.43%     71.24% |        4282      2.43%     73.68% |        4282      2.43%     76.11% |        4277      2.43%     78.54% |        4283      2.43%     80.98% |        4283      2.43%     83.41% |        4283      2.43%     85.85% |        4283      2.43%     88.28% |        4289      2.44%     90.72% |        4283      2.43%     93.16% |        4283      2.43%     95.59% |        4277      2.43%     98.02% |        3477      1.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       175897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |          97      4.29%      4.29% |          32      1.42%      5.71% |          63      2.79%      8.50% |          32      1.42%      9.91% |          32      1.42%     11.33% |          19      0.84%     12.17% |         536     23.72%     35.88% |          49      2.17%     38.05% |          35      1.55%     39.60% |          35      1.55%     41.15% |          35      1.55%     42.70% |          35      1.55%     44.25% |          35      1.55%     45.80% |          35      1.55%     47.35% |          35      1.55%     48.89% |          35      1.55%     50.44% |          35      1.55%     51.99% |          35      1.55%     53.54% |          35      1.55%     55.09% |          35      1.55%     56.64% |          35      1.55%     58.19% |          35      1.55%     59.73% |          35      1.55%     61.28% |          35      1.55%     62.83% |          35      1.55%     64.38% |          35      1.55%     65.93% |          35      1.55%     67.48% |          35      1.55%     69.03% |          35      1.55%     70.58% |          35      1.55%     72.12% |          35      1.55%     73.67% |          35      1.55%     75.22% |          35      1.55%     76.77% |          35      1.55%     78.32% |          35      1.55%     79.87% |          35      1.55%     81.42% |          35      1.55%     82.96% |          35      1.55%     84.51% |          35      1.55%     86.06% |          35      1.55%     87.61% |          35      1.55%     89.16% |          35      1.55%     90.71% |          35      1.55%     92.26% |          35      1.55%     93.81% |          35      1.55%     95.35% |          35      1.55%     96.90% |          35      1.55%     98.45% |          35      1.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         2260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |          12      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           4      0.00%      0.02% |           1      0.00%      0.02% |           2      0.00%      0.02% |           0      0.00%      0.02% |         445      0.50%      0.53% |           0      0.00%      0.53% |        2205      2.50%      3.02% |        2214      2.51%      5.53% |        2206      2.50%      8.03% |        2209      2.50%     10.54% |        2202      2.50%     13.03% |        2210      2.50%     15.54% |        2196      2.49%     18.03% |        2208      2.50%     20.53% |        2213      2.51%     23.03% |        2215      2.51%     25.55% |        2211      2.51%     28.05% |        2197      2.49%     30.54% |        2215      2.51%     33.05% |        2216      2.51%     35.56% |        2215      2.51%     38.07% |        2206      2.50%     40.57% |        2228      2.52%     43.10% |        2193      2.49%     45.58% |        2196      2.49%     48.07% |        2192      2.48%     50.55% |        2195      2.49%     53.04% |        2212      2.51%     55.55% |        2173      2.46%     58.01% |        2177      2.47%     60.48% |        2177      2.47%     62.94% |        2183      2.47%     65.42% |        2171      2.46%     67.88% |        2166      2.45%     70.33% |        2171      2.46%     72.79% |        2174      2.46%     75.26% |        2172      2.46%     77.72% |        2181      2.47%     80.19% |        2201      2.49%     82.68% |        2183      2.47%     85.16% |        2186      2.48%     87.64% |        2181      2.47%     90.11% |        2199      2.49%     92.60% |        2172      2.46%     95.06% |        2173      2.46%     97.52% |        2186      2.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        88244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           1      0.03%      0.03% |           4      0.10%      0.13% |           4      0.10%      0.23% |           6      0.15%      0.38% |           3      0.08%      0.46% |           5      0.13%      0.59% |          16      0.41%      1.00% |           3      0.08%      1.08% |          98      2.51%      3.59% |          99      2.54%      6.12% |         110      2.82%      8.94% |         104      2.66%     11.60% |         105      2.69%     14.29% |          99      2.54%     16.82% |          95      2.43%     19.26% |         100      2.56%     21.82% |         105      2.69%     24.51% |         101      2.59%     27.09% |          93      2.38%     29.48% |         100      2.56%     32.04% |         105      2.69%     34.72% |         102      2.61%     37.34% |         100      2.56%     39.90% |          94      2.41%     42.30% |          97      2.48%     44.79% |         107      2.74%     47.53% |         101      2.59%     50.12% |          98      2.51%     52.62% |          92      2.36%     54.98% |          90      2.30%     57.29% |         105      2.69%     59.97% |          98      2.51%     62.48% |         100      2.56%     65.04% |          81      2.07%     67.12% |          90      2.30%     69.42% |          99      2.54%     71.96% |          96      2.46%     74.42% |          97      2.48%     76.90% |          95      2.43%     79.33% |          92      2.36%     81.69% |         105      2.69%     84.38% |          98      2.51%     86.89% |         100      2.56%     89.45% |          92      2.36%     91.81% |          92      2.36%     94.16% |         106      2.71%     96.88% |          88      2.25%     99.13% |          34      0.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         3905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |          30     14.56%     14.56% |          28     13.59%     28.16% |          24     11.65%     39.81% |          25     12.14%     51.94% |          24     11.65%     63.59% |          24     11.65%     75.24% |           1      0.49%     75.73% |          31     15.05%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           0      0.00%     90.78% |           1      0.49%     91.26% |           1      0.49%     91.75% |           1      0.49%     92.23% |           1      0.49%     92.72% |           1      0.49%     93.20% |           1      0.49%     93.69% |           1      0.49%     94.17% |           1      0.49%     94.66% |           1      0.49%     95.15% |           1      0.49%     95.63% |           1      0.49%     96.12% |           1      0.49%     96.60% |           1      0.49%     97.09% |           1      0.49%     97.57% |           1      0.49%     98.06% |           1      0.49%     98.54% |           1      0.49%     99.03% |           1      0.49%     99.51% |           1      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           2      9.09%      9.09% |           3     13.64%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           3     13.64%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           2      9.09%     68.18% |           2      9.09%     77.27% |           5     22.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |          12      0.23%      0.23% |           4      0.08%      0.31% |          12      0.23%      0.54% |           5      0.10%      0.64% |           8      0.15%      0.79% |           5      0.10%      0.89% |          56      1.08%      1.96% |           4      0.08%      2.04% |         104      2.00%      4.04% |         124      2.39%      6.43% |         124      2.39%      8.82% |         121      2.33%     11.15% |         130      2.50%     13.65% |         122      2.35%     16.00% |         125      2.41%     18.41% |         156      3.00%     21.41% |         144      2.77%     24.19% |         144      2.77%     26.96% |         139      2.68%     29.64% |         131      2.52%     32.16% |         130      2.50%     34.66% |         126      2.43%     37.09% |         132      2.54%     39.63% |         126      2.43%     42.06% |         126      2.43%     44.48% |         123      2.37%     46.85% |         121      2.33%     49.18% |         126      2.43%     51.61% |         118      2.27%     53.88% |         121      2.33%     56.21% |         131      2.52%     58.73% |         127      2.45%     61.18% |         119      2.29%     63.47% |         119      2.29%     65.76% |         114      2.20%     67.96% |         131      2.52%     70.48% |         127      2.45%     72.93% |         130      2.50%     75.43% |         121      2.33%     77.76% |         118      2.27%     80.03% |         136      2.62%     82.65% |         125      2.41%     85.06% |         121      2.33%     87.39% |         119      2.29%     89.68% |         112      2.16%     91.84% |         120      2.31%     94.15% |         117      2.25%     96.40% |         187      3.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         5193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |         492      0.25%      0.25% |         233      0.12%      0.38% |         533      0.28%      0.65% |         233      0.12%      0.77% |         265      0.14%      0.91% |         204      0.11%      1.02% |         795      0.41%      1.43% |         497      0.26%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |           0      0.00%      1.68% |      189824     98.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       193076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |       10459      0.62%      0.62% |        4972      0.29%      0.91% |       12841      0.76%      1.67% |        4887      0.29%      1.96% |        4983      0.29%      2.25% |        4328      0.26%      2.51% |     1638336     96.78%     99.29% |       11955      0.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      1692761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     14.48%     14.48% |           6      4.14%     18.62% |          11      7.59%     26.21% |           6      4.14%     30.34% |           6      4.14%     34.48% |           5      3.45%     37.93% |           9      6.21%     44.14% |          10      6.90%     51.03% |           2      1.38%     52.41% |           3      2.07%     54.48% |           1      0.69%     55.17% |           1      0.69%     55.86% |           0      0.00%     55.86% |           2      1.38%     57.24% |           5      3.45%     60.69% |           2      1.38%     62.07% |           3      2.07%     64.14% |           0      0.00%     64.14% |           5      3.45%     67.59% |           3      2.07%     69.66% |           3      2.07%     71.72% |           1      0.69%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           3      2.07%     74.48% |           3      2.07%     76.55% |           0      0.00%     76.55% |           2      1.38%     77.93% |           1      0.69%     78.62% |           1      0.69%     79.31% |           2      1.38%     80.69% |           0      0.00%     80.69% |           2      1.38%     82.07% |           2      1.38%     83.45% |           2      1.38%     84.83% |           3      2.07%     86.90% |           0      0.00%     86.90% |           2      1.38%     88.28% |           2      1.38%     89.66% |           2      1.38%     91.03% |           4      2.76%     93.79% |           0      0.00%     93.79% |           2      1.38%     95.17% |           1      0.69%     95.86% |           3      2.07%     97.93% |           1      0.69%     98.62% |           0      0.00%     98.62% |           1      0.69%     99.31% |           1      0.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |          27      0.42%      0.42% |          38      0.59%      1.02% |          38      0.59%      1.61% |          34      0.53%      2.14% |          42      0.66%      2.80% |          32      0.50%      3.30% |          60      0.94%      4.24% |          43      0.67%      4.91% |         133      2.08%      6.99% |         141      2.20%      9.19% |         156      2.44%     11.63% |         151      2.36%     13.99% |         159      2.48%     16.47% |         143      2.23%     18.71% |         147      2.30%     21.00% |         176      2.75%     23.75% |         164      2.56%     26.32% |         172      2.69%     29.00% |         157      2.45%     31.46% |         148      2.31%     33.77% |         161      2.52%     36.29% |         150      2.34%     38.63% |         163      2.55%     41.18% |         151      2.36%     43.54% |         144      2.25%     45.79% |         151      2.36%     48.15% |         139      2.17%     50.32% |         154      2.41%     52.73% |         138      2.16%     54.88% |         143      2.23%     57.12% |         154      2.41%     59.52% |         151      2.36%     61.88% |         154      2.41%     64.29% |         148      2.31%     66.60% |         140      2.19%     68.79% |         160      2.50%     71.29% |         151      2.36%     73.65% |         160      2.50%     76.15% |         143      2.23%     78.39% |         140      2.19%     80.58% |         157      2.45%     83.03% |         147      2.30%     85.33% |         153      2.39%     87.72% |         140      2.19%     89.90% |         143      2.23%     92.14% |         150      2.34%     94.48% |         144      2.25%     96.73% |         209      3.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         6399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |         124      0.57%      0.57% |          42      0.19%      0.77% |          79      0.36%      1.13% |          42      0.19%      1.33% |          41      0.19%      1.52% |          26      0.12%      1.64% |         620      2.86%      4.50% |          57      0.26%      4.76% |         497      2.30%      7.06% |         509      2.35%      9.41% |         506      2.34%     11.75% |         529      2.44%     14.19% |         515      2.38%     16.57% |         535      2.47%     19.04% |         514      2.37%     21.41% |         489      2.26%     23.67% |         526      2.43%     26.10% |         521      2.41%     28.51% |         508      2.35%     30.85% |         490      2.26%     33.12% |         476      2.20%     35.32% |         515      2.38%     37.70% |         517      2.39%     40.08% |         522      2.41%     42.49% |         505      2.33%     44.83% |         494      2.28%     47.11% |         516      2.38%     49.49% |         512      2.36%     51.86% |         530      2.45%     54.30% |         508      2.35%     56.65% |         478      2.21%     58.86% |         507      2.34%     61.20% |         531      2.45%     63.65% |         514      2.37%     66.03% |         494      2.28%     68.31% |         489      2.26%     70.57% |         521      2.41%     72.97% |         526      2.43%     75.40% |         550      2.54%     77.94% |         508      2.35%     80.29% |         502      2.32%     82.61% |         508      2.35%     84.96% |         502      2.32%     87.27% |         517      2.39%     89.66% |         501      2.31%     91.98% |         485      2.24%     94.22% |         479      2.21%     96.43% |         423      1.95%     98.38% |         350      1.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        21650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |          43      0.05%      0.05% |          25      0.03%      0.07% |          15      0.02%      0.09% |          24      0.03%      0.12% |           9      0.01%      0.13% |          20      0.02%      0.15% |       40951     44.73%     44.88% |          23      0.03%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |       50443     55.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total        91553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |           6      0.07%      0.07% |           3      0.04%      0.11% |           4      0.05%      0.15% |           3      0.04%      0.19% |           2      0.02%      0.21% |           3      0.04%      0.25% |          68      0.80%      1.05% |           2      0.02%      1.07% |         185      2.18%      3.25% |         201      2.37%      5.61% |         216      2.54%      8.16% |         213      2.51%     10.66% |         216      2.54%     13.21% |         206      2.42%     15.63% |         217      2.55%     18.19% |         218      2.57%     20.75% |         212      2.50%     23.25% |         213      2.51%     25.75% |         212      2.50%     28.25% |         218      2.57%     30.81% |         200      2.35%     33.17% |         201      2.37%     35.53% |         208      2.45%     37.98% |         214      2.52%     40.50% |         187      2.20%     42.70% |         199      2.34%     45.04% |         194      2.28%     47.33% |         204      2.40%     49.73% |         201      2.37%     52.10% |         188      2.21%     54.31% |         224      2.64%     56.94% |         218      2.57%     59.51% |         218      2.57%     62.08% |         212      2.50%     64.57% |         218      2.57%     67.14% |         231      2.72%     69.86% |         224      2.64%     72.49% |         221      2.60%     75.09% |         223      2.62%     77.72% |         207      2.44%     80.16% |         196      2.31%     82.46% |         212      2.50%     84.96% |         210      2.47%     87.43% |         213      2.51%     89.94% |         202      2.38%     92.31% |         225      2.65%     94.96% |         223      2.62%     97.59% |         205      2.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total         8496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |          17      0.01%      0.01% |           1      0.00%      0.01% |           6      0.00%      0.02% |           2      0.00%      0.02% |           2      0.00%      0.02% |           2      0.00%      0.02% |          90      0.06%      0.08% |           2      0.00%      0.08% |        3623      2.46%      2.54% |        3637      2.47%      5.01% |        3628      2.46%      7.47% |        3609      2.45%      9.92% |        3614      2.45%     12.37% |        3608      2.45%     14.81% |        3605      2.45%     17.26% |        3638      2.47%     19.73% |        3617      2.45%     22.18% |        3624      2.46%     24.64% |        3635      2.47%     27.10% |        3633      2.46%     29.57% |        3660      2.48%     32.05% |        3629      2.46%     34.51% |        3624      2.46%     36.97% |        3610      2.45%     39.42% |        3648      2.47%     41.89% |        3608      2.45%     44.34% |        3590      2.44%     46.78% |        3589      2.43%     49.21% |        3577      2.43%     51.64% |        3623      2.46%     54.09% |        3617      2.45%     56.55% |        3590      2.44%     58.98% |        3569      2.42%     61.40% |        3580      2.43%     63.83% |        3600      2.44%     66.27% |        3597      2.44%     68.71% |        3575      2.42%     71.14% |        3563      2.42%     73.56% |        3545      2.40%     75.96% |        3580      2.43%     78.39% |        3610      2.45%     80.84% |        3587      2.43%     83.27% |        3599      2.44%     85.71% |        3576      2.43%     88.14% |        3617      2.45%     90.59% |        3600      2.44%     93.03% |        3603      2.44%     95.48% |        3606      2.45%     97.92% |        3063      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       147428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.90%      2.90% |           1      1.45%      4.35% |           1      1.45%      5.80% |           1      1.45%      7.25% |           2      2.90%     10.14% |           0      0.00%     10.14% |           0      0.00%     10.14% |           2      2.90%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      1.45%     14.49% |           1      1.45%     15.94% |           2      2.90%     18.84% |           0      0.00%     18.84% |           1      1.45%     20.29% |           1      1.45%     21.74% |           4      5.80%     27.54% |           2      2.90%     30.43% |           3      4.35%     34.78% |           1      1.45%     36.23% |           2      2.90%     39.13% |           1      1.45%     40.58% |           0      0.00%     40.58% |           4      5.80%     46.38% |           1      1.45%     47.83% |           4      5.80%     53.62% |           1      1.45%     55.07% |           2      2.90%     57.97% |           0      0.00%     57.97% |           2      2.90%     60.87% |           3      4.35%     65.22% |           2      2.90%     68.12% |           2      2.90%     71.01% |           4      5.80%     76.81% |           0      0.00%     76.81% |           1      1.45%     78.26% |           4      5.80%     84.06% |          11     15.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           2      0.06%      0.06% |           1      0.03%      0.09% |           0      0.00%      0.09% |           1      0.03%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |          22      0.65%      0.77% |           1      0.03%      0.80% |          82      2.42%      3.22% |          87      2.57%      5.79% |          84      2.48%      8.27% |          88      2.60%     10.87% |          89      2.63%     13.50% |          83      2.45%     15.95% |          74      2.19%     18.13% |          70      2.07%     20.20% |          71      2.10%     22.30% |          75      2.22%     24.51% |          70      2.07%     26.58% |          74      2.19%     28.77% |          85      2.51%     31.28% |          81      2.39%     33.67% |          80      2.36%     36.03% |          81      2.39%     38.42% |          90      2.66%     41.08% |          84      2.48%     43.56% |          82      2.42%     45.98% |          84      2.48%     48.46% |          74      2.19%     50.65% |          78      2.30%     52.95% |          87      2.57%     55.52% |          87      2.57%     58.09% |          96      2.84%     60.93% |          82      2.42%     63.35% |          91      2.69%     66.04% |         101      2.98%     69.02% |         102      3.01%     72.03% |          98      2.89%     74.93% |         100      2.95%     77.88% |          85      2.51%     80.39% |          91      2.69%     83.08% |          88      2.60%     85.68% |          88      2.60%     88.28% |          81      2.39%     90.67% |          76      2.24%     92.91% |          78      2.30%     95.22% |          81      2.39%     97.61% |          81      2.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         3386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |        1450      0.61%      0.61% |         706      0.30%      0.91% |        2475      1.05%      1.96% |         691      0.29%      2.25% |         693      0.29%      2.54% |         598      0.25%      2.79% |      227701     96.22%     99.02% |        2281      0.96%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total       236635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        1332      0.58%      0.58% |         636      0.28%      0.86% |        1830      0.80%      1.66% |         635      0.28%      1.94% |         647      0.28%      2.23% |         542      0.24%      2.46% |      220934     96.79%     99.25% |        1702      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       228258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |          27      0.03%      0.03% |           2      0.00%      0.04% |           9      0.01%      0.05% |           3      0.00%      0.05% |           3      0.00%      0.05% |           2      0.00%      0.06% |         464      0.58%      0.63% |           2      0.00%      0.64% |        2002      2.49%      3.13% |        2010      2.50%      5.63% |        2020      2.51%      8.14% |        2022      2.51%     10.65% |        2009      2.50%     13.15% |        2011      2.50%     15.65% |        2018      2.51%     18.16% |        2003      2.49%     20.65% |        2004      2.49%     23.14% |        2004      2.49%     25.63% |        2007      2.50%     28.13% |        2009      2.50%     30.63% |        2014      2.50%     33.13% |        2011      2.50%     35.63% |        2013      2.50%     38.13% |        2019      2.51%     40.64% |        2014      2.50%     43.15% |        1988      2.47%     45.62% |        1989      2.47%     48.09% |        1991      2.48%     50.57% |        1996      2.48%     53.05% |        1992      2.48%     55.53% |        1973      2.45%     57.98% |        1979      2.46%     60.44% |        1984      2.47%     62.91% |        1996      2.48%     65.39% |        1983      2.47%     67.85% |        1975      2.46%     70.31% |        1974      2.45%     72.77% |        1981      2.46%     75.23% |        1982      2.46%     77.69% |        1996      2.48%     80.17% |        1980      2.46%     82.64% |        1990      2.47%     85.11% |        1991      2.48%     87.59% |        1996      2.48%     90.07% |        2002      2.49%     92.56% |        1994      2.48%     95.04% |        2001      2.49%     97.52% |        1991      2.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        80426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           3      2.80%      2.80% |           3      2.80%      5.61% |           1      0.93%      6.54% |           3      2.80%      9.35% |           5      4.67%     14.02% |           2      1.87%     15.89% |           4      3.74%     19.63% |           6      5.61%     25.23% |           0      0.00%     25.23% |           0      0.00%     25.23% |           0      0.00%     25.23% |           0      0.00%     25.23% |           0      0.00%     25.23% |           0      0.00%     25.23% |           0      0.00%     25.23% |           8      7.48%     32.71% |           8      7.48%     40.19% |           0      0.00%     40.19% |           0      0.00%     40.19% |           8      7.48%     47.66% |           8      7.48%     55.14% |           0      0.00%     55.14% |           0      0.00%     55.14% |           0      0.00%     55.14% |           0      0.00%     55.14% |           8      7.48%     62.62% |           8      7.48%     70.09% |           0      0.00%     70.09% |           0      0.00%     70.09% |           8      7.48%     77.57% |           8      7.48%     85.05% |           0      0.00%     85.05% |           0      0.00%     85.05% |           0      0.00%     85.05% |           0      0.00%     85.05% |           0      0.00%     85.05% |           0      0.00%     85.05% |           0      0.00%     85.05% |           0      0.00%     85.05% |           0      0.00%     85.05% |           8      7.48%     92.52% |           8      7.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          10      0.13%      0.13% |           7      0.09%      0.22% |           6      0.08%      0.29% |           8      0.10%      0.40% |          13      0.17%      0.56% |           7      0.09%      0.65% |          66      0.84%      1.50% |          15      0.19%      1.69% |         179      2.29%      3.98% |         186      2.38%      6.35% |         194      2.48%      8.84% |         190      2.43%     11.26% |         197      2.52%     13.78% |         185      2.37%     16.15% |         177      2.26%     18.41% |         197      2.52%     20.93% |         193      2.47%     23.40% |         200      2.56%     25.96% |         187      2.39%     28.35% |         177      2.26%     30.61% |         195      2.49%     33.10% |         192      2.45%     35.56% |         198      2.53%     38.09% |         185      2.37%     40.46% |         184      2.35%     42.81% |         191      2.44%     45.25% |         184      2.35%     47.60% |         190      2.43%     50.03% |         178      2.28%     52.31% |         183      2.34%     54.65% |         200      2.56%     57.20% |         195      2.49%     59.70% |         200      2.56%     62.26% |         186      2.38%     64.63% |         190      2.43%     67.06% |         213      2.72%     69.79% |         208      2.66%     72.45% |         211      2.70%     75.14% |         201      2.57%     77.71% |         189      2.42%     80.13% |         205      2.62%     82.75% |         195      2.49%     85.24% |         206      2.63%     87.88% |         191      2.44%     90.32% |         189      2.42%     92.74% |         191      2.44%     95.18% |         184      2.35%     97.53% |         193      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         7821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2258      2.29%      2.29% |        2361      2.40%      4.69% |        2378      2.41%      7.10% |        2340      2.37%      9.48% |        2361      2.40%     11.87% |        2394      2.43%     14.30% |        2470      2.51%     16.81% |        2425      2.46%     19.27% |        2413      2.45%     21.72% |        2493      2.53%     24.25% |        2407      2.44%     26.69% |        2653      2.69%     29.38% |        2552      2.59%     31.97% |        2498      2.54%     34.51% |        2440      2.48%     36.98% |        2539      2.58%     39.56% |        2576      2.61%     42.18% |        2380      2.42%     44.59% |        2405      2.44%     47.03% |        2500      2.54%     49.57% |        2482      2.52%     52.09% |        2524      2.56%     54.65% |        2480      2.52%     57.17% |        2439      2.48%     59.64% |        2446      2.48%     62.12% |        2553      2.59%     64.71% |        2496      2.53%     67.25% |        2440      2.48%     69.72% |        2333      2.37%     72.09% |        2320      2.35%     74.45% |        2393      2.43%     76.87% |        2629      2.67%     79.54% |        2593      2.63%     82.17% |        2592      2.63%     84.80% |        2531      2.57%     87.37% |        2494      2.53%     89.90% |        2525      2.56%     92.47% |        2538      2.58%     95.04% |        2427      2.46%     97.50% |        2458      2.49%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        98537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |          17      0.01%      0.01% |           5      0.00%      0.01% |           9      0.01%      0.02% |           6      0.00%      0.02% |           4      0.00%      0.03% |           5      0.00%      0.03% |         160      0.10%      0.13% |           3      0.00%      0.13% |        3892      2.44%      2.57% |        3929      2.46%      5.04% |        3929      2.46%      7.50% |        3911      2.45%      9.95% |        3921      2.46%     12.41% |        3897      2.44%     14.86% |        3899      2.45%     17.30% |        3928      2.46%     19.77% |        3900      2.45%     22.21% |        3912      2.45%     24.67% |        3917      2.46%     27.13% |        3925      2.46%     29.59% |        3946      2.48%     32.06% |        3915      2.46%     34.52% |        3914      2.46%     36.97% |        3905      2.45%     39.42% |        3929      2.46%     41.89% |        3892      2.44%     44.33% |        3873      2.43%     46.76% |        3879      2.43%     49.19% |        3858      2.42%     51.61% |        3890      2.44%     54.05% |        3930      2.47%     56.52% |        3896      2.44%     58.96% |        3883      2.44%     61.40% |        3878      2.43%     63.83% |        3910      2.45%     66.28% |        3933      2.47%     68.75% |        3902      2.45%     71.20% |        3884      2.44%     73.63% |        3868      2.43%     76.06% |        3877      2.43%     78.49% |        3900      2.45%     80.94% |        3889      2.44%     83.38% |        3899      2.45%     85.82% |        3877      2.43%     88.25% |        3895      2.44%     90.70% |        3904      2.45%     93.15% |        3911      2.45%     95.60% |        3903      2.45%     98.05% |        3112      1.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       159421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          19      0.17%      0.17% |          16      0.14%      0.31% |          12      0.11%      0.42% |           4      0.04%      0.45% |           6      0.05%      0.51% |           8      0.07%      0.58% |           9      0.08%      0.66% |          12      0.11%      0.76% |         267      2.37%      3.14% |         277      2.46%      5.60% |         283      2.51%      8.11% |         297      2.64%     10.75% |         282      2.50%     13.25% |         296      2.63%     15.88% |         301      2.67%     18.55% |         294      2.61%     21.17% |         321      2.85%     24.02% |         311      2.76%     26.78% |         309      2.74%     29.52% |         295      2.62%     32.14% |         270      2.40%     34.54% |         294      2.61%     37.15% |         299      2.66%     39.81% |         303      2.69%     42.50% |         275      2.44%     44.94% |         268      2.38%     47.32% |         286      2.54%     49.86% |         280      2.49%     52.35% |         305      2.71%     55.06% |         289      2.57%     57.63% |         248      2.20%     59.83% |         278      2.47%     62.30% |         280      2.49%     64.78% |         285      2.53%     67.32% |         250      2.22%     69.54% |         231      2.05%     71.59% |         253      2.25%     73.83% |         267      2.37%     76.21% |         276      2.45%     78.66% |         267      2.37%     81.03% |         254      2.26%     83.28% |         268      2.38%     85.66% |         257      2.28%     87.95% |         278      2.47%     90.42% |         279      2.48%     92.89% |         266      2.36%     95.26% |         262      2.33%     97.58% |         252      2.24%     99.82% |          20      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        11259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |         162      2.11%      2.11% |          56      0.73%      2.84% |         105      1.37%      4.20% |          66      0.86%      5.06% |          66      0.86%      5.92% |          46      0.60%      6.52% |         617      8.03%     14.55% |          81      1.05%     15.61% |         153      1.99%     17.60% |         151      1.97%     19.56% |         151      1.97%     21.53% |         155      2.02%     23.55% |         154      2.00%     25.55% |         164      2.13%     27.68% |         157      2.04%     29.73% |         147      1.91%     31.64% |         148      1.93%     33.57% |         146      1.90%     35.47% |         143      1.86%     37.33% |         137      1.78%     39.11% |         141      1.84%     40.95% |         148      1.93%     42.87% |         150      1.95%     44.83% |         155      2.02%     46.84% |         153      1.99%     48.84% |         152      1.98%     50.81% |         153      1.99%     52.80% |         159      2.07%     54.87% |         155      2.02%     56.89% |         145      1.89%     58.78% |         140      1.82%     60.60% |         144      1.87%     62.48% |         155      2.02%     64.49% |         155      2.02%     66.51% |         152      1.98%     68.49% |         154      2.00%     70.49% |         163      2.12%     72.61% |         167      2.17%     74.79% |         174      2.26%     77.05% |         168      2.19%     79.24% |         164      2.13%     81.37% |         161      2.10%     83.47% |         162      2.11%     85.58% |         163      2.12%     87.70% |         150      1.95%     89.65% |         148      1.93%     91.58% |         145      1.89%     93.47% |         157      2.04%     95.51% |         345      4.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total         7683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         671      0.74%      0.74% |         903      1.00%      1.73% |         922      1.02%      2.75% |        1149      1.27%      4.02% |        1264      1.39%      5.41% |        1582      1.74%      7.15% |        1641      1.81%      8.96% |        1964      2.16%     11.13% |        1795      1.98%     13.11% |        1958      2.16%     15.26% |        1907      2.10%     17.37% |        2056      2.27%     19.63% |        2452      2.70%     22.33% |        2443      2.69%     25.03% |        2415      2.66%     27.69% |        2391      2.64%     30.32% |        2272      2.50%     32.83% |        2124      2.34%     35.17% |        2190      2.41%     37.58% |        2213      2.44%     40.02% |        2370      2.61%     42.63% |        2380      2.62%     45.26% |        2388      2.63%     47.89% |        2627      2.90%     50.78% |        2798      3.08%     53.87% |        2541      2.80%     56.67% |        2269      2.50%     59.17% |        2457      2.71%     61.88% |        2691      2.97%     64.84% |        3025      3.33%     68.18% |        2796      3.08%     71.26% |        3051      3.36%     74.62% |        3170      3.49%     78.11% |        2699      2.97%     81.09% |        2853      3.14%     84.23% |        2968      3.27%     87.50% |        2811      3.10%     90.60% |        2778      3.06%     93.66% |        3006      3.31%     96.98% |        2744      3.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        90734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.12%      0.12% |           1      0.12%      0.24% |           0      0.00%      0.24% |           0      0.00%      0.24% |           1      0.12%      0.37% |           0      0.00%      0.37% |          68      8.32%      8.69% |          45      5.51%     14.20% |          26      3.18%     17.38% |          25      3.06%     20.44% |          19      2.33%     22.77% |          29      3.55%     26.32% |          23      2.82%     29.13% |          23      2.82%     31.95% |          32      3.92%     35.86% |          21      2.57%     38.43% |          24      2.94%     41.37% |          15      1.84%     43.21% |          25      3.06%     46.27% |          27      3.30%     49.57% |          32      3.92%     53.49% |          18      2.20%     55.69% |          39      4.77%     60.47% |          19      2.33%     62.79% |          27      3.30%     66.10% |          16      1.96%     68.05% |          12      1.47%     69.52% |          27      3.30%     72.83% |           9      1.10%     73.93% |          13      1.59%     75.52% |           8      0.98%     76.50% |           9      1.10%     77.60% |          10      1.22%     78.82% |          17      2.08%     80.91% |          15      1.84%     82.74% |          31      3.79%     86.54% |          29      3.55%     90.09% |          13      1.59%     91.68% |           9      1.10%     92.78% |          11      1.35%     94.12% |           6      0.73%     94.86% |           6      0.73%     95.59% |           6      0.73%     96.33% |           8      0.98%     97.31% |           7      0.86%     98.16% |          15      1.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |          14      0.02%      0.02% |           3      0.00%      0.02% |           5      0.01%      0.03% |           3      0.00%      0.03% |           5      0.01%      0.03% |           2      0.00%      0.04% |         446      0.51%      0.55% |           5      0.01%      0.55% |        2137      2.44%      3.00% |        2169      2.48%      5.48% |        2180      2.49%      7.97% |        2184      2.50%     10.47% |        2183      2.50%     12.96% |        2181      2.49%     15.46% |        2173      2.48%     17.94% |        2185      2.50%     20.44% |        2181      2.49%     22.93% |        2194      2.51%     25.44% |        2187      2.50%     27.94% |        2182      2.50%     30.44% |        2190      2.50%     32.94% |        2189      2.50%     35.45% |        2183      2.50%     37.94% |        2188      2.50%     40.45% |        2189      2.50%     42.95% |        2174      2.49%     45.43% |        2169      2.48%     47.91% |        2176      2.49%     50.40% |        2183      2.50%     52.90% |        2185      2.50%     55.40% |        2164      2.47%     57.87% |        2164      2.47%     60.35% |        2169      2.48%     62.83% |        2174      2.49%     65.31% |        2161      2.47%     67.78% |        2149      2.46%     70.24% |        2156      2.47%     72.71% |        2143      2.45%     75.16% |        2143      2.45%     77.61% |        2168      2.48%     80.09% |        2192      2.51%     82.59% |        2172      2.48%     85.08% |        2180      2.49%     87.57% |        2175      2.49%     90.06% |        2193      2.51%     92.57% |        2164      2.47%     95.04% |        2166      2.48%     97.52% |        2171      2.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        87449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           6      0.07%      0.07% |           3      0.03%      0.10% |           0      0.00%      0.10% |           1      0.01%      0.11% |           4      0.04%      0.15% |           6      0.07%      0.22% |           9      0.10%      0.32% |           0      0.00%      0.32% |         159      1.76%      2.08% |         193      2.14%      4.22% |         212      2.35%      6.56% |         237      2.62%      9.18% |         228      2.52%     11.71% |         235      2.60%     14.31% |         237      2.62%     16.93% |         214      2.37%     19.30% |         222      2.46%     21.75% |         236      2.61%     24.36% |         225      2.49%     26.85% |         212      2.35%     29.20% |         200      2.21%     31.41% |         223      2.47%     33.88% |         220      2.43%     36.31% |         237      2.62%     38.94% |         204      2.26%     41.19% |         217      2.40%     43.59% |         230      2.54%     46.14% |         231      2.56%     48.69% |         262      2.90%     51.59% |         222      2.46%     54.05% |         209      2.31%     56.36% |         230      2.54%     58.91% |         248      2.74%     61.65% |         257      2.84%     64.49% |         215      2.38%     66.87% |         200      2.21%     69.09% |         230      2.54%     71.63% |         224      2.48%     74.11% |         248      2.74%     76.85% |         240      2.66%     79.51% |         227      2.51%     82.02% |         237      2.62%     84.64% |         236      2.61%     87.25% |         256      2.83%     90.09% |         241      2.67%     92.75% |         217      2.40%     95.15% |         233      2.58%     97.73% |         205      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         9038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.50%      2.50% |           0      0.00%      2.50% |           0      0.00%      2.50% |           1      2.50%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |           3      7.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           3      7.50%     20.00% |           2      5.00%     25.00% |           1      2.50%     27.50% |           0      0.00%     27.50% |           0      0.00%     27.50% |           2      5.00%     32.50% |           1      2.50%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           2      5.00%     40.00% |           2      5.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           2      5.00%     50.00% |           4     10.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2      5.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           2      5.00%     75.00% |           2      5.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2      5.00%     85.00% |           2      5.00%     90.00% |           2      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           2      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         124     27.62%     27.62% |          21      4.68%     32.29% |          28      6.24%     38.53% |          23      5.12%     43.65% |          20      4.45%     48.11% |          19      4.23%     52.34% |          13      2.90%     55.23% |          30      6.68%     61.92% |          16      3.56%     65.48% |          10      2.23%     67.71% |           4      0.89%     68.60% |           4      0.89%     69.49% |           1      0.22%     69.71% |           4      0.89%     70.60% |           6      1.34%     71.94% |           4      0.89%     72.83% |           8      1.78%     74.61% |           2      0.45%     75.06% |          11      2.45%     77.51% |           5      1.11%     78.62% |           8      1.78%     80.40% |           7      1.56%     81.96% |           2      0.45%     82.41% |           5      1.11%     83.52% |           6      1.34%     84.86% |           0      0.00%     84.86% |           5      1.11%     85.97% |           2      0.45%     86.41% |           3      0.67%     87.08% |           3      0.67%     87.75% |           1      0.22%     87.97% |           2      0.45%     88.42% |           4      0.89%     89.31% |           5      1.11%     90.42% |           5      1.11%     91.54% |           3      0.67%     92.20% |           3      0.67%     92.87% |           5      1.11%     93.99% |           4      0.89%     94.88% |           7      1.56%     96.44% |           1      0.22%     96.66% |           2      0.45%     97.10% |           2      0.45%     97.55% |           4      0.89%     98.44% |           3      0.67%     99.11% |           0      0.00%     99.11% |           1      0.22%     99.33% |           3      0.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      2.18%      2.18% |           6      0.62%      2.81% |          12      1.25%      4.05% |           7      0.73%      4.78% |           6      0.62%      5.41% |           5      0.52%      5.93% |          10      1.04%      6.96% |          10      1.04%      8.00% |          70      7.28%     15.28% |          48      4.99%     20.27% |          27      2.81%     23.08% |          26      2.70%     25.78% |          19      1.98%     27.75% |          31      3.22%     30.98% |          28      2.91%     33.89% |          25      2.60%     36.49% |          35      3.64%     40.12% |          21      2.18%     42.31% |          29      3.01%     45.32% |          18      1.87%     47.19% |          28      2.91%     50.10% |          28      2.91%     53.01% |          32      3.33%     56.34% |          21      2.18%     58.52% |          42      4.37%     62.89% |          19      1.98%     64.86% |          29      3.01%     67.88% |          17      1.77%     69.65% |          13      1.35%     71.00% |          29      3.01%     74.01% |           9      0.94%     74.95% |          15      1.56%     76.51% |          10      1.04%     77.55% |          11      1.14%     78.69% |          13      1.35%     80.04% |          17      1.77%     81.81% |          17      1.77%     83.58% |          33      3.43%     87.01% |          31      3.22%     90.23% |          17      1.77%     92.00% |           9      0.94%     92.93% |          13      1.35%     94.28% |           7      0.73%     95.01% |           9      0.94%     95.95% |           7      0.73%     96.67% |           8      0.83%     97.51% |           8      0.83%     98.34% |          16      1.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         224    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.03%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |          30      0.86%      0.89% |          50      1.43%      2.32% |          54      1.55%      3.87% |          71      2.03%      5.90% |          77      2.21%      8.11% |          78      2.23%     10.34% |          81      2.32%     12.66% |          93      2.66%     15.33% |          74      2.12%     17.45% |          95      2.72%     20.17% |          97      2.78%     22.95% |          99      2.84%     25.79% |          93      2.66%     28.45% |         100      2.87%     31.32% |         113      3.24%     34.56% |         120      3.44%     37.99% |         116      3.32%     41.32% |         116      3.32%     44.64% |         110      3.15%     47.79% |          97      2.78%     50.57% |          99      2.84%     53.41% |          92      2.64%     56.05% |          97      2.78%     58.83% |          95      2.72%     61.55% |         101      2.89%     64.44% |          88      2.52%     66.96% |          77      2.21%     69.17% |          68      1.95%     71.12% |          74      2.12%     73.24% |          78      2.23%     75.47% |          65      1.86%     77.34% |          83      2.38%     79.71% |         105      3.01%     82.72% |          76      2.18%     84.90% |          79      2.26%     87.16% |          79      2.26%     89.43% |          95      2.72%     92.15% |          83      2.38%     94.53% |          81      2.32%     96.85% |         110      3.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.92%      1.92% |           0      0.00%      1.92% |           1      1.92%      3.85% |           1      1.92%      5.77% |           2      3.85%      9.62% |           0      0.00%      9.62% |           1      1.92%     11.54% |           0      0.00%     11.54% |           2      3.85%     15.38% |           3      5.77%     21.15% |           3      5.77%     26.92% |           2      3.85%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           1      1.92%     32.69% |           1      1.92%     34.62% |           1      1.92%     36.54% |           2      3.85%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |           1      1.92%     42.31% |           2      3.85%     46.15% |           2      3.85%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2      3.85%     53.85% |           2      3.85%     57.69% |           1      1.92%     59.62% |           1      1.92%     61.54% |           1      1.92%     63.46% |           1      1.92%     65.38% |           3      5.77%     71.15% |           2      3.85%     75.00% |           2      3.85%     78.85% |           1      1.92%     80.77% |           1      1.92%     82.69% |           3      5.77%     88.46% |           1      1.92%     90.38% |           0      0.00%     90.38% |           0      0.00%     90.38% |           0      0.00%     90.38% |           3      5.77%     96.15% |           2      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |          44      0.02%      0.02% |           3      0.00%      0.02% |          15      0.01%      0.03% |           5      0.00%      0.03% |           5      0.00%      0.03% |           4      0.00%      0.03% |         553      0.24%      0.28% |           4      0.00%      0.28% |        5624      2.47%      2.75% |        5646      2.48%      5.23% |        5646      2.48%      7.70% |        5631      2.47%     10.18% |        5622      2.47%     12.64% |        5619      2.47%     15.11% |        5621      2.47%     17.58% |        5638      2.47%     20.05% |        5618      2.47%     22.52% |        5626      2.47%     24.99% |        5642      2.48%     27.47% |        5641      2.48%     29.94% |        5673      2.49%     32.43% |        5639      2.48%     34.91% |        5635      2.47%     37.38% |        5629      2.47%     39.85% |        5661      2.49%     42.34% |        5594      2.46%     44.79% |        5577      2.45%     47.24% |        5580      2.45%     49.69% |        5573      2.45%     52.14% |        5615      2.46%     54.60% |        5588      2.45%     57.05% |        5567      2.44%     59.50% |        5552      2.44%     61.94% |        5575      2.45%     64.38% |        5582      2.45%     66.83% |        5571      2.45%     69.28% |        5546      2.43%     71.71% |        5542      2.43%     74.15% |        5525      2.43%     76.57% |        5575      2.45%     79.02% |        5589      2.45%     81.47% |        5574      2.45%     83.92% |        5589      2.45%     86.37% |        5572      2.45%     88.82% |        5619      2.47%     91.28% |        5594      2.46%     93.74% |        5601      2.46%     96.20% |        5595      2.46%     98.66% |        3063      1.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       227802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.92%      1.92% |           0      0.00%      1.92% |           1      1.92%      3.85% |           1      1.92%      5.77% |           2      3.85%      9.62% |           0      0.00%      9.62% |           1      1.92%     11.54% |           0      0.00%     11.54% |           2      3.85%     15.38% |           3      5.77%     21.15% |           3      5.77%     26.92% |           2      3.85%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           1      1.92%     32.69% |           1      1.92%     34.62% |           1      1.92%     36.54% |           2      3.85%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |           1      1.92%     42.31% |           2      3.85%     46.15% |           2      3.85%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2      3.85%     53.85% |           2      3.85%     57.69% |           1      1.92%     59.62% |           1      1.92%     61.54% |           1      1.92%     63.46% |           1      1.92%     65.38% |           3      5.77%     71.15% |           2      3.85%     75.00% |           2      3.85%     78.85% |           1      1.92%     80.77% |           1      1.92%     82.69% |           3      5.77%     88.46% |           1      1.92%     90.38% |           0      0.00%     90.38% |           0      0.00%     90.38% |           0      0.00%     90.38% |           3      5.77%     96.15% |           2      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |         165      7.30%      7.30% |         203      8.98%     16.28% |         204      9.03%     25.31% |         130      5.75%     31.06% |         122      5.40%     36.46% |          97      4.29%     40.75% |         131      5.80%     46.55% |         137      6.06%     52.61% |         167      7.39%     60.00% |         116      5.13%     65.13% |         133      5.88%     71.02% |         117      5.18%     76.19% |         139      6.15%     82.35% |         100      4.42%     86.77% |         130      5.75%     92.52% |         169      7.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total         2260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       10970      6.21%      6.21% |       10916      6.18%     12.40% |       11128      6.30%     18.70% |       11007      6.24%     24.94% |       10944      6.20%     31.14% |       10952      6.20%     37.34% |       11176      6.33%     43.67% |       11031      6.25%     49.92% |       10923      6.19%     56.11% |       10963      6.21%     62.32% |       11202      6.35%     68.67% |       11118      6.30%     74.97% |       11002      6.23%     81.20% |       10981      6.22%     87.42% |       11162      6.32%     93.74% |       11044      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       176519                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |        5553      6.29%      6.29% |        5562      6.30%     12.59% |        5374      6.09%     18.68% |        5519      6.25%     24.93% |        5913      6.70%     31.63% |        5623      6.37%     38.00% |        5540      6.28%     44.28% |        5481      6.21%     50.49% |        5339      6.05%     56.54% |        5562      6.30%     62.84% |        4997      5.66%     68.50% |        5396      6.11%     74.61% |        5733      6.50%     81.11% |        5576      6.32%     87.43% |        5473      6.20%     93.63% |        5625      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total        88266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           5      3.40%      3.40% |           6      4.08%      7.48% |           9      6.12%     13.61% |           7      4.76%     18.37% |          11      7.48%     25.85% |          12      8.16%     34.01% |          13      8.84%     42.86% |           9      6.12%     48.98% |           9      6.12%     55.10% |           9      6.12%     61.22% |          12      8.16%     69.39% |           4      2.72%     72.11% |          19     12.93%     85.03% |           7      4.76%     89.80% |           5      3.40%     93.20% |          10      6.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          147                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       14608      6.41%      6.41% |       14519      6.37%     12.78% |       14392      6.32%     19.10% |       14417      6.33%     25.43% |       14645      6.43%     31.85% |       14080      6.18%     38.03% |       14095      6.19%     44.22% |       13885      6.09%     50.31% |       13723      6.02%     56.33% |       13997      6.14%     62.48% |       13606      5.97%     68.45% |       14021      6.15%     74.60% |       14431      6.33%     80.93% |       14414      6.33%     87.26% |       14478      6.35%     93.61% |       14552      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       227863                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           3     11.11%     11.11% |           2      7.41%     18.52% |           1      3.70%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           2      7.41%     29.63% |           5     18.52%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           5     18.52%     70.37% |           1      3.70%     74.07% |           1      3.70%     77.78% |           1      3.70%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           2      7.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |          22      5.77%      5.77% |          24      6.30%     12.07% |          23      6.04%     18.11% |          22      5.77%     23.88% |          25      6.56%     30.45% |          23      6.04%     36.48% |          26      6.82%     43.31% |          26      6.82%     50.13% |          24      6.30%     56.43% |          23      6.04%     62.47% |          23      6.04%     68.50% |          23      6.04%     74.54% |          27      7.09%     81.63% |          23      6.04%     87.66% |          22      5.77%     93.44% |          25      6.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total          381                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |          25      6.48%      6.48% |          24      6.22%     12.69% |          23      5.96%     18.65% |          22      5.70%     24.35% |          25      6.48%     30.83% |          23      5.96%     36.79% |          27      6.99%     43.78% |          26      6.74%     50.52% |          24      6.22%     56.74% |          23      5.96%     62.69% |          23      5.96%     68.65% |          23      5.96%     74.61% |          27      6.99%     81.61% |          24      6.22%     87.82% |          22      5.70%     93.52% |          25      6.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total          386                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |          25      6.48%      6.48% |          24      6.22%     12.69% |          23      5.96%     18.65% |          22      5.70%     24.35% |          25      6.48%     30.83% |          23      5.96%     36.79% |          27      6.99%     43.78% |          26      6.74%     50.52% |          24      6.22%     56.74% |          23      5.96%     62.69% |          23      5.96%     68.65% |          23      5.96%     74.61% |          27      6.99%     81.61% |          24      6.22%     87.82% |          22      5.70%     93.52% |          25      6.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total          386                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         315      4.01%      4.01% |         351      4.46%      8.47% |         399      5.07%     13.54% |         444      5.65%     19.19% |         459      5.84%     25.02% |         563      7.16%     32.18% |         610      7.76%     39.94% |         608      7.73%     47.67% |         608      7.73%     55.40% |         615      7.82%     63.22% |         592      7.53%     70.74% |         540      6.87%     77.61% |         489      6.22%     83.83% |         443      5.63%     89.46% |         424      5.39%     94.85% |         405      5.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         7865                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         204      6.01%      6.01% |         184      5.42%     11.43% |         205      6.04%     17.47% |         172      5.07%     22.54% |         229      6.75%     29.29% |         220      6.48%     35.77% |         222      6.54%     42.31% |         234      6.89%     49.20% |         224      6.60%     55.80% |         217      6.39%     62.20% |         240      7.07%     69.27% |         232      6.84%     76.10% |         218      6.42%     82.53% |         198      5.83%     88.36% |         198      5.83%     94.20% |         197      5.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         3394                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         519      4.61%      4.61% |         535      4.75%      9.36% |         604      5.36%     14.73% |         616      5.47%     20.20% |         688      6.11%     26.31% |         783      6.95%     33.26% |         832      7.39%     40.65% |         842      7.48%     48.13% |         832      7.39%     55.52% |         832      7.39%     62.91% |         832      7.39%     70.30% |         772      6.86%     77.16% |         707      6.28%     83.44% |         641      5.69%     89.13% |         622      5.52%     94.65% |         602      5.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        11259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       15733      6.35%      6.35% |       15650      6.31%     12.66% |       15590      6.29%     18.95% |       15618      6.30%     25.26% |       15911      6.42%     31.68% |       15423      6.22%     37.90% |       15479      6.25%     44.14% |       15256      6.16%     50.30% |       15058      6.08%     56.38% |       15328      6.18%     62.56% |       14923      6.02%     68.58% |       15259      6.16%     74.74% |       15626      6.31%     81.04% |       15576      6.28%     87.33% |       15655      6.32%     93.65% |       15747      6.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       247832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      6.35%      6.35% |           4      6.35%     12.70% |           3      4.76%     17.46% |           2      3.17%     20.63% |           5      7.94%     28.57% |           3      4.76%     33.33% |           7     11.11%     44.44% |           6      9.52%     53.97% |           4      6.35%     60.32% |           3      4.76%     65.08% |           3      4.76%     69.84% |           3      4.76%     74.60% |           5      7.94%     82.54% |           4      6.35%     88.89% |           2      3.17%     92.06% |           5      7.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total           63                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |          21      6.50%      6.50% |          20      6.19%     12.69% |          20      6.19%     18.89% |          20      6.19%     25.08% |          20      6.19%     31.27% |          20      6.19%     37.46% |          20      6.19%     43.65% |          20      6.19%     49.85% |          20      6.19%     56.04% |          20      6.19%     62.23% |          20      6.19%     68.42% |          20      6.19%     74.61% |          22      6.81%     81.42% |          20      6.19%     87.62% |          20      6.19%     93.81% |          20      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total          323                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |         121      5.80%      5.80% |         199      9.54%     15.35% |         201      9.64%     24.99% |         128      6.14%     31.13% |         116      5.56%     36.69% |          93      4.46%     41.15% |         124      5.95%     47.10% |         130      6.24%     53.33% |         123      5.90%     59.23% |         110      5.28%     64.51% |         126      6.04%     70.55% |         110      5.28%     75.83% |         129      6.19%     82.01% |          92      4.41%     86.43% |         124      5.95%     92.37% |         159      7.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total         2085                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |         270      4.98%      4.98% |         277      5.11%     10.09% |         289      5.33%     15.42% |         284      5.24%     20.65% |         215      3.96%     24.62% |         353      6.51%     31.13% |         403      7.43%     38.56% |         401      7.39%     45.95% |         363      6.69%     52.65% |         343      6.32%     58.97% |         440      8.11%     67.08% |         464      8.56%     75.64% |         387      7.14%     82.78% |         306      5.64%     88.42% |         330      6.09%     94.50% |         298      5.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         5423                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         409      4.78%      4.78% |         414      4.84%      9.62% |         465      5.44%     15.06% |         469      5.48%     20.54% |         521      6.09%     26.63% |         593      6.93%     33.57% |         630      7.37%     40.93% |         645      7.54%     48.47% |         633      7.40%     55.88% |         632      7.39%     63.26% |         630      7.37%     70.63% |         588      6.87%     77.50% |         528      6.17%     83.68% |         485      5.67%     89.35% |         463      5.41%     94.76% |         448      5.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total         8553                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           5      3.45%      3.45% |           6      4.14%      7.59% |           9      6.21%     13.79% |           7      4.83%     18.62% |          11      7.59%     26.21% |          12      8.28%     34.48% |          13      8.97%     43.45% |           9      6.21%     49.66% |           8      5.52%     55.17% |           9      6.21%     61.38% |          12      8.28%     69.66% |           4      2.76%     72.41% |          18     12.41%     84.83% |           7      4.83%     89.66% |           5      3.45%     93.10% |          10      6.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          145                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     16.00%     16.00% |           4      8.00%     24.00% |           2      4.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           4      8.00%     36.00% |           2      4.00%     40.00% |           2      4.00%     44.00% |           5     10.00%     54.00% |           3      6.00%     60.00% |           3      6.00%     66.00% |           3      6.00%     72.00% |           4      8.00%     80.00% |           1      2.00%     82.00% |           5     10.00%     92.00% |           4      8.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       10175      6.38%      6.38% |       10082      6.32%     12.71% |       10207      6.40%     19.11% |       10092      6.33%     25.44% |        9987      6.26%     31.70% |        9788      6.14%     37.84% |        9926      6.23%     44.07% |        9766      6.13%     50.20% |        9711      6.09%     56.29% |        9757      6.12%     62.41% |        9914      6.22%     68.63% |        9859      6.18%     74.81% |        9875      6.19%     81.01% |        9993      6.27%     87.27% |       10177      6.38%     93.66% |       10112      6.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       159421                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        5118      6.46%      6.46% |        5113      6.45%     12.92% |        4877      6.16%     19.07% |        5024      6.34%     25.41% |        5364      6.77%     32.19% |        5007      6.32%     38.51% |        4887      6.17%     44.68% |        4814      6.08%     50.75% |        4684      5.91%     56.67% |        4893      6.18%     62.84% |        4319      5.45%     68.30% |        4769      6.02%     74.32% |        5179      6.54%     80.85% |        5051      6.38%     87.23% |        4984      6.29%     93.52% |        5131      6.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        79214                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |          22      5.77%      5.77% |          24      6.30%     12.07% |          23      6.04%     18.11% |          22      5.77%     23.88% |          25      6.56%     30.45% |          23      6.04%     36.48% |          26      6.82%     43.31% |          26      6.82%     50.13% |          24      6.30%     56.43% |          23      6.04%     62.47% |          23      6.04%     68.50% |          23      6.04%     74.54% |          27      7.09%     81.63% |          23      6.04%     87.66% |          22      5.77%     93.44% |          25      6.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total          381                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         519      4.61%      4.61% |         535      4.75%      9.36% |         604      5.36%     14.73% |         616      5.47%     20.20% |         688      6.11%     26.31% |         783      6.95%     33.26% |         832      7.39%     40.65% |         842      7.48%     48.13% |         832      7.39%     55.52% |         832      7.39%     62.91% |         832      7.39%     70.30% |         772      6.86%     77.16% |         707      6.28%     83.44% |         641      5.69%     89.13% |         622      5.52%     94.65% |         602      5.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        11259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           5      2.84%      2.84% |          15      8.52%     11.36% |          12      6.82%     18.18% |           6      3.41%     21.59% |           8      4.55%     26.14% |           3      1.70%     27.84% |           3      1.70%     29.55% |           2      1.14%     30.68% |           2      1.14%     31.82% |          17      9.66%     41.48% |          28     15.91%     57.39% |          19     10.80%     68.18% |           4      2.27%     70.45% |          20     11.36%     81.82% |           6      3.41%     85.23% |          26     14.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       14608      6.41%      6.41% |       14507      6.37%     12.78% |       14387      6.32%     19.10% |       14414      6.33%     25.42% |       14645      6.43%     31.85% |       14075      6.18%     38.03% |       14092      6.19%     44.22% |       13883      6.09%     50.31% |       13718      6.02%     56.33% |       13994      6.14%     62.48% |       13602      5.97%     68.45% |       14018      6.15%     74.60% |       14426      6.33%     80.93% |       14412      6.33%     87.26% |       14473      6.35%     93.61% |       14548      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       227802                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |          25      6.48%      6.48% |          24      6.22%     12.69% |          23      5.96%     18.65% |          22      5.70%     24.35% |          25      6.48%     30.83% |          23      5.96%     36.79% |          27      6.99%     43.78% |          26      6.74%     50.52% |          24      6.22%     56.74% |          23      5.96%     62.69% |          23      5.96%     68.65% |          23      5.96%     74.61% |          27      6.99%     81.61% |          24      6.22%     87.82% |          22      5.70%     93.52% |          25      6.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total          386                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR |          39     35.78%     35.78% |           0      0.00%     35.78% |           0      0.00%     35.78% |           0      0.00%     35.78% |           1      0.92%     36.70% |           0      0.00%     36.70% |           0      0.00%     36.70% |           1      0.92%     37.61% |          40     36.70%     74.31% |           3      2.75%     77.06% |           4      3.67%     80.73% |           4      3.67%     84.40% |           5      4.59%     88.99% |           4      3.67%     92.66% |           3      2.75%     95.41% |           5      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |           4      6.35%      6.35% |           4      6.35%     12.70% |           3      4.76%     17.46% |           2      3.17%     20.63% |           5      7.94%     28.57% |           3      4.76%     33.33% |           7     11.11%     44.44% |           6      9.52%     53.97% |           4      6.35%     60.32% |           3      4.76%     65.08% |           3      4.76%     69.84% |           3      4.76%     74.60% |           5      7.94%     82.54% |           4      6.35%     88.89% |           2      3.17%     92.06% |           5      7.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total           63                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |          21      6.50%      6.50% |          20      6.19%     12.69% |          20      6.19%     18.89% |          20      6.19%     25.08% |          20      6.19%     31.27% |          20      6.19%     37.46% |          20      6.19%     43.65% |          20      6.19%     49.85% |          20      6.19%     56.04% |          20      6.19%     62.23% |          20      6.19%     68.42% |          20      6.19%     74.61% |          22      6.81%     81.42% |          20      6.19%     87.62% |          20      6.19%     93.81% |          20      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total          323                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         414      4.76%      4.76% |         420      4.83%      9.59% |         474      5.45%     15.04% |         476      5.47%     20.51% |         532      6.12%     26.63% |         605      6.96%     33.58% |         643      7.39%     40.97% |         654      7.52%     48.49% |         641      7.37%     55.86% |         641      7.37%     63.23% |         642      7.38%     70.61% |         592      6.81%     77.42% |         546      6.28%     83.70% |         492      5.66%     89.35% |         468      5.38%     94.73% |         458      5.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         8698                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           6      1.45%      1.45% |          22      5.33%      6.78% |          27      6.54%     13.32% |          14      3.39%     16.71% |          54     13.08%     29.78% |          28      6.78%     36.56% |          15      3.63%     40.19% |          21      5.08%     45.28% |          17      4.12%     49.39% |          31      7.51%     56.90% |          16      3.87%     60.77% |          23      5.57%     66.34% |          33      7.99%     74.33% |          41      9.93%     84.26% |          33      7.99%     92.25% |          32      7.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          413                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           3     11.11%     11.11% |           2      7.41%     18.52% |           1      3.70%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           2      7.41%     29.63% |           5     18.52%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           5     18.52%     70.37% |           1      3.70%     74.07% |           1      3.70%     77.78% |           1      3.70%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           2      7.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       15319      6.41%      6.41% |       15230      6.37%     12.77% |       15116      6.32%     19.10% |       15142      6.33%     25.43% |       15379      6.43%     31.86% |       14818      6.20%     38.06% |       14836      6.20%     44.26% |       14602      6.11%     50.37% |       14417      6.03%     56.39% |       14687      6.14%     62.54% |       14281      5.97%     68.51% |       14667      6.13%     74.64% |       15080      6.31%     80.95% |       15084      6.31%     87.26% |       15187      6.35%     93.61% |       15289      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       239134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         179      3.59%      3.59% |         173      3.47%      7.07% |         215      4.32%     11.38% |         247      4.96%     16.34% |         323      6.48%     22.82% |         366      7.35%     30.17% |         416      8.35%     38.52% |         400      8.03%     46.55% |         458      9.19%     55.74% |         384      7.71%     63.45% |         402      8.07%     71.52% |         392      7.87%     79.39% |         354      7.11%     86.49% |         206      4.13%     90.63% |         270      5.42%     96.05% |         197      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         4982                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         189      5.72%      5.72% |         179      5.41%     11.13% |         203      6.14%     17.27% |         169      5.11%     22.38% |         224      6.77%     29.15% |         212      6.41%     35.56% |         210      6.35%     41.91% |         227      6.86%     48.78% |         223      6.74%     55.52% |         212      6.41%     61.93% |         237      7.17%     69.10% |         231      6.99%     76.08% |         218      6.59%     82.67% |         193      5.84%     88.51% |         195      5.90%     94.41% |         185      5.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         3307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |         151      5.08%      5.08% |         183      6.16%     11.25% |         186      6.26%     17.51% |         200      6.73%     24.24% |         141      4.75%     28.99% |         205      6.90%     35.89% |         206      6.94%     42.83% |         215      7.24%     50.07% |         151      5.08%     55.15% |         236      7.95%     63.10% |         193      6.50%     69.60% |         149      5.02%     74.61% |         135      4.55%     79.16% |         242      8.15%     87.31% |         157      5.29%     92.59% |         220      7.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2970                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |         136      4.72%      4.72% |         178      6.17%     10.89% |         184      6.38%     17.27% |         197      6.83%     24.11% |         136      4.72%     28.82% |         197      6.83%     35.66% |         194      6.73%     42.39% |         208      7.21%     49.60% |         150      5.20%     54.80% |         231      8.01%     62.82% |         190      6.59%     69.41% |         148      5.13%     74.54% |         135      4.68%     79.22% |         237      8.22%     87.44% |         154      5.34%     92.79% |         208      7.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         2883                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          15     17.24%     17.24% |           5      5.75%     22.99% |           2      2.30%     25.29% |           3      3.45%     28.74% |           5      5.75%     34.48% |           8      9.20%     43.68% |          12     13.79%     57.47% |           7      8.05%     65.52% |           1      1.15%     66.67% |           5      5.75%     72.41% |           3      3.45%     75.86% |           1      1.15%     77.01% |           0      0.00%     77.01% |           5      5.75%     82.76% |           3      3.45%     86.21% |          12     13.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         368      4.44%      4.44% |         352      4.25%      8.69% |         418      5.04%     13.73% |         416      5.02%     18.75% |         547      6.60%     25.35% |         578      6.97%     32.32% |         626      7.55%     39.87% |         627      7.56%     47.44% |         681      8.22%     55.65% |         596      7.19%     62.84% |         639      7.71%     70.55% |         623      7.52%     78.07% |         572      6.90%     84.97% |         399      4.81%     89.78% |         465      5.61%     95.39% |         382      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         8289                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch            386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data             381      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data          386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack          381      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch          386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data           381      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data          386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack          381      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
